---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_protected_item"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-protected-item"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ProtectedItem instance.
---

# azurerm_protected_item

Manage Azure ProtectedItem instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The backup item to be deleted. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group associated with the Recovery Services vault. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `container_name` - (Required) The container name associated with the backup item. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `fabric_name` - (Required) The fabric name associated with the backup item. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `vault_name` - (Required) The name of the Recovery Services vault. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID represents the complete path to the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) Resource name associated with the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `backup_management_type` - (Optional) The backup management type associated with the backup item. Defaults to `Invalid`.

* `e_tag` - (Optional) Optional ETag. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `last_recovery_point` - (Optional) The timestamp when the most recent backup copy was created for this backup item.

* `policy_id` - (Optional) The ID of the backup policy associated with this backup item.

* `source_resource_id` - (Optional) The ID of the resource to be backed up.

* `type` - (Optional) Resource type represents the complete path of the form Namespace/ResourceType/ResourceType/... Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `workload_type` - (Optional) The workload type for this item. Defaults to `Invalid`.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:
