---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_virtual_machine"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-virtual-machine"
description: |-
  Manage Azure VirtualMachine instance.
---

# azurerm_virtual_machine

Manage Azure VirtualMachine instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the virtual machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `destination_container_name` - (Required) The destination container name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `overwrite_vhds` - (Required) Specifies whether to overwrite the destination virtual hard disk, in case of conflict. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `vhd_prefix` - (Required) The captured virtual hard disk's name prefix. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `availability_set` - (Optional) One `availability_set` block defined below.

* `diagnostics_profile` - (Optional) One `diagnostics_profile` block defined below.

* `hardware_profile` - (Optional) One `hardware_profile` block defined below.

* `identity` - (Optional) One `identity` block defined below.

* `license_type` - (Optional) Specifies that the image or disk that is being used was licensed on-premises. This element is only used for images that contain the Windows Server operating system. <br><br> Possible values are: <br><br> Windows_Client <br><br> Windows_Server <br><br> If this element is included in a request for an update, the value must match the initial value. This value cannot be updated. <br><br> For more information, see [Azure Hybrid Use Benefit for Windows Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-windows-hybrid-use-benefit-licensing?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2ftoc.json) <br><br> Minimum api-version: 2015-06-15

* `network_profile` - (Optional) One `network_profile` block defined below.

* `os_profile` - (Optional) One `os_profile` block defined below.

* `plan` - (Optional) One `plan` block defined below.

* `storage_profile` - (Optional) One `storage_profile` block defined below.

* `zones` - (Optional) The virtual machine zones. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `availability_set` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `diagnostics_profile` block supports the following:

* `boot_diagnostics` - (Optional) One `boot_diagnostic` block defined below.


---

The `boot_diagnostic` block supports the following:

* `enabled` - (Optional) Whether boot diagnostics should be enabled on the Virtual Machine.

* `storage_uri` - (Optional) Uri of the storage account to use for placing the console output and screenshot.

---

The `hardware_profile` block supports the following:

* `vm_size` - (Optional) Specifies the size of the virtual machine. For more information about virtual machine sizes, see [Sizes for virtual machines](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-windows-sizes?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2ftoc.json). <br><br> The available VM sizes depend on region and availability set. For a list of available sizes use these APIs:  <br><br> [List all available virtual machine sizes in an availability set](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/compute/availabilitysets/listavailablesizes) <br><br> [List all available virtual machine sizes in a region](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/compute/virtualmachinesizes/list) <br><br> [List all available virtual machine sizes for resizing](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/compute/virtualmachines/listavailablesizes) Defaults to `Basic_A0`.

---

The `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Optional) The type of identity used for the virtual machine. The type 'SystemAssigned, UserAssigned' includes both an implicitly created identity and a set of user assigned identities. The type 'None' will remove any identities from the virtual machine. Defaults to `SystemAssigned`.

* `identity_ids` - (Optional) The list of user identities associated with the Virtual Machine. The user identity references will be ARM resource ids in the form: '/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.ManagedIdentity/identities/{identityName}'.

---

The `network_profile` block supports the following:

* `network_interfaces` - (Optional) One or more `network_interface` block defined below.


---

The `network_interface` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

* `primary` - (Optional) Specifies the primary network interface in case the virtual machine has more than 1 network interface.

---

The `os_profile` block supports the following:

* `computer_name` - (Optional) Specifies the host OS name of the virtual machine. <br><br> This name cannot be updated after the VM is created. <br><br> **Max-length (Windows):** 15 characters <br><br> **Max-length (Linux):** 64 characters. <br><br> For naming conventions and restrictions see [Azure infrastructure services implementation guidelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-linux-infrastructure-subscription-accounts-guidelines?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json#1-naming-conventions).

* `admin_username` - (Optional) Specifies the name of the administrator account. <br><br> **Windows-only restriction:** Cannot end in "." <br><br> **Disallowed values:** "administrator", "admin", "user", "user1", "test", "user2", "test1", "user3", "admin1", "1", "123", "a", "actuser", "adm", "admin2", "aspnet", "backup", "console", "david", "guest", "john", "owner", "root", "server", "sql", "support", "support_388945a0", "sys", "test2", "test3", "user4", "user5". <br><br> **Minimum-length (Linux):** 1  character <br><br> **Max-length (Linux):** 64 characters <br><br> **Max-length (Windows):** 20 characters  <br><br><li> For root access to the Linux VM, see [Using root privileges on Linux virtual machines in Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-linux-use-root-privileges?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)<br><li> For a list of built-in system users on Linux that should not be used in this field, see [Selecting User Names for Linux on Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-linux-usernames?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)

* `admin_password` - (Optional) Specifies the password of the administrator account. <br><br> **Minimum-length (Windows):** 8 characters <br><br> **Minimum-length (Linux):** 6 characters <br><br> **Max-length (Windows):** 123 characters <br><br> **Max-length (Linux):** 72 characters <br><br> **Complexity requirements:** 3 out of 4 conditions below need to be fulfilled <br> Has lower characters <br>Has upper characters <br> Has a digit <br> Has a special character (Regex match [\W_]) <br><br> **Disallowed values:** "abc@123", "P@$$w0rd", "P@ssw0rd", "P@ssword123", "Pa$$word", "pass@word1", "Password!", "Password1", "Password22", "iloveyou!" <br><br> For resetting the password, see [How to reset the Remote Desktop service or its login password in a Windows VM](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-windows-reset-rdp?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2ftoc.json) <br><br> For resetting root password, see [Manage users, SSH, and check or repair disks on Azure Linux VMs using the VMAccess Extension](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-linux-using-vmaccess-extension?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json#reset-root-password)

* `custom_data` - (Optional) Specifies a base-64 encoded string of custom data. The base-64 encoded string is decoded to a binary array that is saved as a file on the Virtual Machine. The maximum length of the binary array is 65535 bytes. <br><br> For using cloud-init for your VM, see [Using cloud-init to customize a Linux VM during creation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-linux-using-cloud-init?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)

* `windows_configuration` - (Optional) One `windows_configuration` block defined below.

* `linux_configuration` - (Optional) One `linux_configuration` block defined below.

* `secrets` - (Optional) One or more `secret` block defined below.


---

The `windows_configuration` block supports the following:

* `provision_vmagent` - (Optional) Indicates whether virtual machine agent should be provisioned on the virtual machine. <br><br> When this property is not specified in the request body, default behavior is to set it to true.  This will ensure that VM Agent is installed on the VM so that extensions can be added to the VM later.

* `enable_automatic_updates` - (Optional) Indicates whether virtual machine is enabled for automatic updates.

* `time_zone` - (Optional) Specifies the time zone of the virtual machine. e.g. "Pacific Standard Time"

* `additional_unattend_content` - (Optional) One or more `additional_unattend_content` block defined below.

* `win_rm` - (Optional) One `win_rm` block defined below.


---

The `additional_unattend_content` block supports the following:

* `pass_name` - (Optional) The pass name. Currently, the only allowable value is OobeSystem. Defaults to `OobeSystem`.

* `component_name` - (Optional) The component name. Currently, the only allowable value is Microsoft-Windows-Shell-Setup. Defaults to `Microsoft-Windows-Shell-Setup`.

* `setting_name` - (Optional) Specifies the name of the setting to which the content applies. Possible values are: FirstLogonCommands and AutoLogon. Defaults to `AutoLogon`.

* `content` - (Optional) Specifies the XML formatted content that is added to the unattend.xml file for the specified path and component. The XML must be less than 4KB and must include the root element for the setting or feature that is being inserted.

---

The `win_rm` block supports the following:

* `listeners` - (Optional) One or more `listener` block defined below.


---

The `listener` block supports the following:

* `protocol` - (Optional) Specifies the protocol of listener. <br><br> Possible values are: <br>**http** <br><br> **https** Defaults to `Http`.

* `certificate_url` - (Optional) This is the URL of a certificate that has been uploaded to Key Vault as a secret. For adding a secret to the Key Vault, see [Add a key or secret to the key vault](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/key-vault-get-started/#add). In this case, your certificate needs to be It is the Base64 encoding of the following JSON Object which is encoded in UTF-8: <br><br> {<br>  "data":"<Base64-encoded-certificate>",<br>  "dataType":"pfx",<br>  "password":"<pfx-file-password>"<br>}

---

The `linux_configuration` block supports the following:

* `disable_password_authentication` - (Optional) Specifies whether password authentication should be disabled.

* `ssh` - (Optional) One `ssh` block defined below.


---

The `ssh` block supports the following:

* `public_keys` - (Optional) One or more `public_key` block defined below.


---

The `public_key` block supports the following:

* `path` - (Optional) Specifies the full path on the created VM where ssh public key is stored. If the file already exists, the specified key is appended to the file. Example: /home/user/.ssh/authorized_keys

* `key_data` - (Optional) SSH public key certificate used to authenticate with the VM through ssh. The key needs to be at least 2048-bit and in ssh-rsa format. <br><br> For creating ssh keys, see [Create SSH keys on Linux and Mac for Linux VMs in Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-linux-mac-create-ssh-keys?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json).

---

The `secret` block supports the following:

* `source_vault` - (Optional) One `source_vault` block defined below.

* `vault_certificates` - (Optional) One or more `vault_certificate` block defined below.


---

The `source_vault` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `vault_certificate` block supports the following:

* `certificate_url` - (Optional) This is the URL of a certificate that has been uploaded to Key Vault as a secret. For adding a secret to the Key Vault, see [Add a key or secret to the key vault](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/key-vault-get-started/#add). In this case, your certificate needs to be It is the Base64 encoding of the following JSON Object which is encoded in UTF-8: <br><br> {<br>  "data":"<Base64-encoded-certificate>",<br>  "dataType":"pfx",<br>  "password":"<pfx-file-password>"<br>}

* `certificate_store` - (Optional) For Windows VMs, specifies the certificate store on the Virtual Machine to which the certificate should be added. The specified certificate store is implicitly in the LocalMachine account. <br><br>For Linux VMs, the certificate file is placed under the /var/lib/waagent directory, with the file name &lt;UppercaseThumbprint&gt;.crt for the X509 certificate file and &lt;UppercaseThumbprint&gt;.prv for private key. Both of these files are .pem formatted.

---

The `plan` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The plan ID.

* `publisher` - (Optional) The publisher ID.

* `product` - (Optional) Specifies the product of the image from the marketplace. This is the same value as Offer under the imageReference element.

* `promotion_code` - (Optional) The promotion code.

---

The `storage_profile` block supports the following:

* `image_reference` - (Optional) One `image_reference` block defined below.

* `os_disk` - (Optional) One `os_disk` block defined below.

* `data_disks` - (Optional) One or more `data_disk` block defined below.


---

The `image_reference` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

* `publisher` - (Optional) The image publisher.

* `offer` - (Optional) Specifies the offer of the platform image or marketplace image used to create the virtual machine.

* `sku` - (Optional) The image SKU.

* `version` - (Optional) Specifies the version of the platform image or marketplace image used to create the virtual machine. The allowed formats are Major.Minor.Build or 'latest'. Major, Minor, and Build are decimal numbers. Specify 'latest' to use the latest version of an image available at deploy time. Even if you use 'latest', the VM image will not automatically update after deploy time even if a new version becomes available.

---

The `os_disk` block supports the following:

* `os_type` - (Optional) This property allows you to specify the type of the OS that is included in the disk if creating a VM from user-image or a specialized VHD. <br><br> Possible values are: <br><br> **Windows** <br><br> **Linux** Defaults to `Windows`.

* `encryption_settings` - (Optional) One `encryption_setting` block defined below.

* `name` - (Optional) The disk name.

* `vhd` - (Optional) One `vhd` block defined below.

* `image` - (Optional) One `image` block defined below.

* `caching` - (Optional) Specifies the caching requirements. <br><br> Possible values are: <br><br> **None** <br><br> **ReadOnly** <br><br> **ReadWrite** <br><br> Default: **None for Standard storage. ReadOnly for Premium storage** Defaults to `None`.

* `write_accelerator_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether writeAccelerator should be enabled or disabled on the disk.

* `create_option` - (Required) Specifies how the virtual machine should be created.<br><br> Possible values are:<br><br> **Attach** \u2013 This value is used when you are using a specialized disk to create the virtual machine.<br><br> **FromImage** \u2013 This value is used when you are using an image to create the virtual machine. If you are using a platform image, you also use the imageReference element described above. If you are using a marketplace image, you  also use the plan element previously described.

* `disk_size_gb` - (Optional) Specifies the size of an empty data disk in gigabytes. This element can be used to overwrite the size of the disk in a virtual machine image. <br><br> This value cannot be larger than 1023 GB

* `managed_disk` - (Optional) One `managed_disk` block defined below.


---

The `encryption_setting` block supports the following:

* `disk_encryption_key` - (Optional) One `disk_encryption_key` block defined below.

* `key_encryption_key` - (Optional) One `key_encryption_key` block defined below.

* `enabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether disk encryption should be enabled on the virtual machine.


---

The `disk_encryption_key` block supports the following:

* `secret_url` - (Required) The URL referencing a secret in a Key Vault.

* `source_vault` - (Required) One `source_vault` block defined below.


---

The `source_vault` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `key_encryption_key` block supports the following:

* `key_url` - (Required) The URL referencing a key encryption key in Key Vault.

* `source_vault` - (Required) One `source_vault` block defined below.


---

The `source_vault` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `vhd` block supports the following:

* `uri` - (Optional) Specifies the virtual hard disk's uri.

---

The `image` block supports the following:

* `uri` - (Optional) Specifies the virtual hard disk's uri.

---

The `managed_disk` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

* `storage_account_type` - (Optional) Specifies the storage account type for the managed disk. Possible values are: Standard_LRS or Premium_LRS. Defaults to `Standard_LRS`.

---

The `data_disk` block supports the following:

* `lun` - (Required) Specifies the logical unit number of the data disk. This value is used to identify data disks within the VM and therefore must be unique for each data disk attached to a VM.

* `name` - (Optional) The disk name.

* `vhd` - (Optional) One `vhd` block defined below.

* `image` - (Optional) One `image` block defined below.

* `caching` - (Optional) Specifies the caching requirements. <br><br> Possible values are: <br><br> **None** <br><br> **ReadOnly** <br><br> **ReadWrite** <br><br> Default: **None for Standard storage. ReadOnly for Premium storage** Defaults to `None`.

* `write_accelerator_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether writeAccelerator should be enabled or disabled on the disk.

* `create_option` - (Required) Specifies how the virtual machine should be created.<br><br> Possible values are:<br><br> **Attach** \u2013 This value is used when you are using a specialized disk to create the virtual machine.<br><br> **FromImage** \u2013 This value is used when you are using an image to create the virtual machine. If you are using a platform image, you also use the imageReference element described above. If you are using a marketplace image, you  also use the plan element previously described.

* `disk_size_gb` - (Optional) Specifies the size of an empty data disk in gigabytes. This element can be used to overwrite the size of the disk in a virtual machine image. <br><br> This value cannot be larger than 1023 GB

* `managed_disk` - (Optional) One `managed_disk` block defined below.


---

The `vhd` block supports the following:

* `uri` - (Optional) Specifies the virtual hard disk's uri.

---

The `image` block supports the following:

* `uri` - (Optional) Specifies the virtual hard disk's uri.

---

The `managed_disk` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

* `storage_account_type` - (Optional) Specifies the storage account type for the managed disk. Possible values are: Standard_LRS or Premium_LRS. Defaults to `Standard_LRS`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type

* `resources` - One or more `resource` block defined below.


---

The `resource` block contains the following:

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type
