---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_express_route_port"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-express-route-port"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ExpressRoutePort instance.
---

# azurerm_express_route_port

Manage Azure ExpressRoutePort instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the ExpressRoutePort resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `bandwidth_in_gbps` - (Optional) Bandwidth of procured ports in Gbps

* `encapsulation` - (Optional) Encapsulation method on physical ports. Defaults to `Dot1Q`.

* `links` - (Optional) One or more `link` block defined below.

* `peering_location` - (Optional) The name of the peering location that the ExpressRoutePort is mapped to physically.

* `resource_guid` - (Optional) The resource GUID property of the ExpressRoutePort resource.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `link` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

* `admin_state` - (Optional) Administrative state of the physical port Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `name` - (Optional) Name of child port resource that is unique among child port resources of the parent.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioned_bandwidth_in_gbps` - Aggregate Gbps of associated circuit bandwidths.

* `mtu` - Maximum transmission unit of the physical port pair(s)

* `ether_type` - Ether type of the physical port.

* `allocation_date` - Date of the physical port allocation to be used in Letter of Authorization.

* `circuits` - One or more `circuit` block defined below.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the ExpressRoutePort resource. Possible values are: 'Succeeded', 'Updating', 'Deleting', and 'Failed'.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.

* `etag` - A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated.


---

The `circuit` block contains the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.
