---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_instance_failover_group"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-instance-failover-group"
description: |-
  Manage Azure InstanceFailoverGroup instance.
---

# azurerm_instance_failover_group

Manage Azure InstanceFailoverGroup instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the failover group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location_name` - (Required) The name of the region where the resource is located. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `managed_instance_pairs` - (Required) One or more `managed_instance_pair` block defined below.

* `partner_regions` - (Required) One or more `partner_region` block defined below.

* `read_write_endpoint` - (Required) One `read_write_endpoint` block defined below.

---

The `managed_instance_pair` block supports the following:

* `primary_managed_instance_id` - (Optional) Id of Primary Managed Instance in pair.

* `partner_managed_instance_id` - (Optional) Id of Partner Managed Instance in pair.

---

The `partner_region` block supports the following:

* `location` - (Optional) Geo location of the partner managed instances. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `read_write_endpoint` block supports the following:

* `failover_policy` - (Required) Failover policy of the read-write endpoint for the failover group. If failoverPolicy is Automatic then failoverWithDataLossGracePeriodMinutes is required.

* `failover_with_data_loss_grace_period_minutes` - (Optional) Grace period before failover with data loss is attempted for the read-write endpoint. If failoverPolicy is Automatic then failoverWithDataLossGracePeriodMinutes is required.

* `read_only_endpoint` - (Optional) One `read_only_endpoint` block defined below.

---

The `read_only_endpoint` block supports the following:

* `failover_policy` - (Optional) Failover policy of the read-only endpoint for the failover group. Defaults to `Disabled`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `replication_role` - Local replication role of the failover group instance.

* `replication_state` - Replication state of the failover group instance.

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
