---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_public_ip_prefixe"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-public-ip-prefixe"
description: |-
  Manage Azure PublicIPPrefixe instance.
---

# azurerm_public_ip_prefixe

Manage Azure PublicIPPrefixe instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `public_ip_prefix_name` - (Required) The name of the public IP prefix. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `etag` - (Optional) A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `ip_prefix` - (Optional) The allocated Prefix

* `ip_tags` - (Optional) One or more `ip_tag` block defined below.

* `prefix_length` - (Optional) The Length of the Public IP Prefix.

* `public_ip_address_version` - (Optional) The public IP address version. Possible values are: 'IPv4' and 'IPv6'. Defaults to `IPv4`.

* `public_ip_addresses` - (Optional) One or more `public_ip_address` block defined below.

* `resource_guid` - (Optional) The resource GUID property of the public IP prefix resource.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `zones` - (Optional) A list of availability zones denoting the IP allocated for the resource needs to come from. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `ip_tag` block supports the following:

* `ip_tag_type` - (Optional) Gets or sets the ipTag type: Example FirstPartyUsage.

* `tag` - (Optional) Gets or sets value of the IpTag associated with the public IP. Example SQL, Storage etc

---

The `public_ip_address` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) The PublicIPAddress Reference

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Name of a public IP prefix SKU. Defaults to `Standard`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `load_balancer_frontend_ip_configuration` - One `load_balancer_frontend_ip_configuration` block defined below.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the Public IP prefix resource. Possible values are: 'Updating', 'Deleting', and 'Failed'.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.


---

The `load_balancer_frontend_ip_configuration` block contains the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.
