---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_dedicated_host"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-dedicated-host"
description: |-
  Manage Azure DedicatedHost instance.
---

# azurerm_dedicated_host

Manage Azure DedicatedHost instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the dedicated host. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `host_group_name` - (Required) The name of the dedicated host group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku` - (Required) One `sku` block defined below.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The sku name.

* `tier` - (Optional) Specifies the tier of virtual machines in a scale set.<br /><br /> Possible Values:<br /><br /> **Standard**<br /><br /> **Basic**

* `capacity` - (Optional) Specifies the number of virtual machines in the scale set.

* `auto_replace_on_failure` - (Optional) Specifies whether the dedicated host should be replaced automatically in case of a failure. The value is defaulted to 'true' when not provided.

* `license_type` - (Optional) Specifies the software license type that will be applied to the VMs deployed on the dedicated host. <br><br> Possible values are: <br><br> **None** <br><br> **Windows_Server_Hybrid** <br><br> **Windows_Server_Perpetual** <br><br> Default: **None** Defaults to `None`.

* `platform_fault_domain` - (Optional) Fault domain of the dedicated host within a dedicated host group.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `host_id` - A unique id generated and assigned to the dedicated host by the platform. <br><br> Does not change throughout the lifetime of the host.

* `virtual_machines` - One or more `virtual_machine` block defined below.

* `provisioning_time` - The date when the host was first provisioned.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state, which only appears in the response.

* `instance_view` - One `instance_view` block defined below.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type


---

The `virtual_machine` block contains the following:

* `id` - Resource Id

---

The `instance_view` block contains the following:

* `asset_id` - Specifies the unique id of the dedicated physical machine on which the dedicated host resides.

* `available_capacity` - One `available_capacity` block defined below.

* `statuses` - One or more `status` block defined below.


---

The `available_capacity` block contains the following:

* `allocatable_vms` - One or more `allocatable_vm` block defined below.


---

The `allocatable_vm` block contains the following:

* `vm_size` - VM size in terms of which the unutilized capacity is represented.

* `count` - Maximum number of VMs of size vmSize that can fit in the dedicated host's remaining capacity.

---

The `status` block contains the following:

* `code` - The status code.

* `level` - The level code.

* `display_status` - The short localizable label for the status.

* `message` - The detailed status message, including for alerts and error messages.

* `time` - The time of the status.
