---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_streaming_endpoint"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-streaming-endpoint"
description: |-
  Manage Azure StreamingEndpoint instance.
---

# azurerm_streaming_endpoint

Manage Azure StreamingEndpoint instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the StreamingEndpoint. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `account_name` - (Required) The Media Services account name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The Azure Region of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `access_control` - (Optional) One `access_control` block defined below.

* `auto_start` - (Optional) The flag indicates if auto start the Live Event. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `availability_set_name` - (Optional) AvailabilitySet name

* `cdn_enabled` - (Optional) The CDN enabled flag.

* `cdn_profile` - (Optional) The CDN profile name.

* `cdn_provider` - (Optional) The CDN provider name.

* `cross_site_access_policies` - (Optional) One `cross_site_access_policy` block defined below.

* `custom_host_names` - (Optional) The custom host names of the StreamingEndpoint

* `description` - (Optional) The StreamingEndpoint description.

* `max_cache_age` - (Optional) Max cache age

* `scale_unit` - (Optional) The scale unit number of the StreamingEndpoint. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `scale_units` - (Optional) The number of scale units.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `access_control` block supports the following:

* `akamai` - (Optional) One `akamai` block defined below.

* `ip` - (Optional) One `ip` block defined below.


---

The `akamai` block supports the following:

* `akamai_signature_header_authentication_key_list` - (Optional) One or more `akamai_signature_header_authentication_key_list` block defined below.


---

The `akamai_signature_header_authentication_key_list` block supports the following:

* `identifier` - (Optional) identifier of the key

* `base64key` - (Optional) authentication key

* `expiration` - (Optional) The exact time the authentication key.

---

The `ip` block supports the following:

* `allow` - (Optional) One or more `allow` block defined below.


---

The `allow` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The friendly name for the IP address range.

* `address` - (Optional) The IP address.

* `subnet_prefix_length` - (Optional) The subnet mask prefix length (see CIDR notation).

---

The `cross_site_access_policy` block supports the following:

* `client_access_policy` - (Optional) The content of clientaccesspolicy.xml used by Silverlight.

* `cross_domain_policy` - (Optional) The content of crossdomain.xml used by Silverlight.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `host_name` - The StreamingEndpoint host name.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the StreamingEndpoint.

* `resource_state` - The resource state of the StreamingEndpoint.

* `free_trial_end_time` - The free trial expiration time.

* `created` - The exact time the StreamingEndpoint was created.

* `last_modified` - The exact time the StreamingEndpoint was last modified.

* `id` - Fully qualified resource ID for the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
