---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_managed_instance"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-managed-instance"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ManagedInstance instance.
---

# azurerm_managed_instance

Manage Azure ManagedInstance instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the managed instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `administrator_login` - (Optional) Administrator username for the managed instance. Can only be specified when the managed instance is being created (and is required for creation).

* `administrator_login_password` - (Optional) The administrator login password (required for managed instance creation).

* `collation` - (Optional) Collation of the managed instance.

* `dns_zone_partner` - (Optional) The resource id of another managed instance whose DNS zone this managed instance will share after creation.

* `identity` - (Optional) One `identity` block defined below.

* `instance_pool_id` - (Optional) The Id of the instance pool this managed server belongs to.

* `license_type` - (Optional) The license type. Possible values are 'LicenseIncluded' (regular price inclusive of a new SQL license) and 'BasePrice' (discounted AHB price for bringing your own SQL licenses). Defaults to `LicenseIncluded`.

* `managed_instance_create_mode` - (Optional) Specifies the mode of database creation.<br>Default: Regular instance creation.<br>Restore: Creates an instance by restoring a set of backups to specific point in time. RestorePointInTime and SourceManagedInstanceId must be specified. Defaults to `Default`.

* `proxy_override` - (Optional) Connection type used for connecting to the instance. Defaults to `Proxy`.

* `public_data_endpoint_enabled` - (Optional) Whether or not the public data endpoint is enabled.

* `restore_point_in_time` - (Optional) Specifies the point in time (ISO8601 format) of the source database that will be restored to create the new database.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `source_managed_instance_id` - (Optional) The resource identifier of the source managed instance associated with create operation of this instance.

* `storage_size_in_gb` - (Optional) Storage size in GB. Minimum value: 32. Maximum value: 8192. Increments of 32 GB allowed only.

* `subnet_id` - (Optional) Subnet resource ID for the managed instance.

* `timezone_id` - (Optional) Id of the timezone. Allowed values are timezones supported by Windows.<br>Windows keeps details on supported timezones, including the id, in registry under<br>KEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\Time Zones.<br>You can get those registry values via SQL Server by querying SELECT name AS timezone_id FROM sys.time_zone_info.<br>List of Ids can also be obtained by executing [System.TimeZoneInfo]::GetSystemTimeZones() in PowerShell.<br>An example of valid timezone id is "Pacific Standard Time" or "W. Europe Standard Time".

* `v_cores` - (Optional) The number of vCores. Allowed values: 8, 16, 24, 32, 40, 64, 80.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Optional) The identity type. Set this to 'SystemAssigned' in order to automatically create and assign an Azure Active Directory principal for the resource. Defaults to `SystemAssigned`.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the SKU, typically, a letter + Number code, e.g. P3.

* `tier` - (Optional) The tier or edition of the particular SKU, e.g. Basic, Premium.

* `size` - (Optional) Size of the particular SKU

* `family` - (Optional) If the service has different generations of hardware, for the same SKU, then that can be captured here.

* `capacity` - (Optional) Capacity of the particular SKU.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
