---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_private_endpoint_connection"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-private-endpoint-connection"
description: |-
  Manage Azure PrivateEndpointConnection instance.
---

# azurerm_private_endpoint_connection

Manage Azure PrivateEndpointConnection instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `account_name` - (Required) Cosmos DB database account name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `private_endpoint_connection_name` - (Required) The name of the private endpoint connection. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `private_endpoint` - (Optional) One `private_endpoint` block defined below.

* `private_link_service_connection_state` - (Optional) One `private_link_service_connection_state` block defined below.

---

The `private_endpoint` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource id of the private endpoint.

---

The `private_link_service_connection_state` block supports the following:

* `status` - (Optional) The private link service connection status.

* `description` - (Optional) The private link service connection description.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.
