---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_storage_account_credential"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-storage-account-credential"
description: |-
  Manage Azure StorageAccountCredential instance.
---

# azurerm_storage_account_credential

Manage Azure StorageAccountCredential instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the storage account credential. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `cloud_type` - (Required) The cloud service provider

* `enable_ssl` - (Required) SSL needs to be enabled or not

* `end_point` - (Required) The storage endpoint

* `login` - (Required) The storage account login

* `manager_name` - (Required) The manager name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The storage account's geo location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `access_key` - (Optional) One `access_key` block defined below.

---

The `access_key` block supports the following:

* `value` - (Required) The value of the secret itself. If the secret is in plaintext then EncryptionAlgorithm will be none and EncryptionCertThumbprint will be null.

* `encryption_certificate_thumbprint` - (Optional) Thumbprint certificate that was used to encrypt "Value"

* `encryption_algorithm` - (Required) Algorithm used to encrypt "Value"

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The identifier.

* `name` - The name.

* `type` - The type.
