---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_storage_account_credential"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-storage-account-credential"
description: |-
  Manage Azure StorageAccountCredential instance.
---

# azurerm_storage_account_credential

Manage Azure StorageAccountCredential instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The manager name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `end_point` - (Required) The storage endpoint

* `ssl_status` - (Required) Signifies whether SSL needs to be enabled or not.

* `storage_account_credential_name` - (Required) The storage account credential name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `access_key` - (Optional) One `access_key` block defined below.

* `kind` - (Optional) The Kind of the object. Currently only Series8000 is supported Defaults to `Series8000`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `access_key` block supports the following:

* `value` - (Required) The value of the secret.

* `encryption_cert_thumbprint` - (Optional) Thumbprint certificate that was used to encrypt "Value". If the value in unencrypted, it will be null.

* `encryption_algorithm` - (Required) The algorithm used to encrypt "Value".

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `volumes_count` - The count of volumes using this storage account credential.

* `id` - The path ID that uniquely identifies the object.

* `name` - The name of the object.

* `type` - The hierarchical type of the object.
