---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_redi"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-redi"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Redi instance.
---

# azurerm_redi

Manage Azure Redi instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Redis cache. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `key_type` - (Required) Which Redis access key to reset. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `reboot_type` - (Required) Which Redis node(s) to reboot. Depending on this value data loss is possible. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku` - (Required) One `sku` block defined below.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) What type of Redis cache to deploy. Valid values: (Basic, Standard, Premium).

* `family` - (Required) Which family to use. Valid values: (C, P).

* `capacity` - (Required) What size of Redis cache to deploy. Valid values: for C family (0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6), for P family (1, 2, 3, 4).

* `enable_non_ssl_port` - (Optional) If the value is true, then the non-SLL Redis server port (6379) will be enabled.

* `redis_configuration` - (Optional) All Redis Settings. Few possible keys: rdb-backup-enabled,rdb-storage-connection-string,rdb-backup-frequency,maxmemory-delta,maxmemory-policy,notify-keyspace-events,maxmemory-samples,slowlog-log-slower-than,slowlog-max-len,list-max-ziplist-entries,list-max-ziplist-value,hash-max-ziplist-entries,hash-max-ziplist-value,set-max-intset-entries,zset-max-ziplist-entries,zset-max-ziplist-value etc.

* `redis_version` - (Optional) RedisVersion parameter has been deprecated. As such, it is no longer necessary to provide this parameter and any value specified is ignored.

* `shard_count` - (Optional) The number of shards to be created on a Premium Cluster Cache.

* `shard_id` - (Optional) If clustering is enabled, the ID of the shared be rebooted. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `static_ip` - (Optional) Required when deploying a Redis cache inside an existing Azure Virtual Network.

* `subnet` - (Optional) Required when deploying a Redis cache inside an existing Azure Virtual Network.

* `tenant_settings` - (Optional) tenantSettings

* `virtual_network` - (Optional) The exact ARM resource ID of the virtual network to deploy the Redis cache in. Example format: /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/Microsoft.ClassicNetwork/VirtualNetworks/vnet1

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `type` - Resource type.
