---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_server"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-server"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Server instance.
---

# azurerm_server

Manage Azure Server instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the server. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The location the resource resides in. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `administrator_login_password` - (Optional) The password of the administrator login.

* `replication_role` - (Optional) The replication role of the server.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `ssl_enforcement` - (Optional) Enable ssl enforcement or not when connect to server. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `storage_profile` - (Optional) One `storage_profile` block defined below.

* `version` - (Optional) The version of a server. Defaults to `9.5`.

* `tags` - (Optional) Application-specific metadata in the form of key-value pairs. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the sku, typically, tier + family + cores, e.g. B_Gen4_1, GP_Gen5_8.

* `tier` - (Optional) The tier of the particular SKU, e.g. Basic. Defaults to `Basic`.

* `capacity` - (Optional) The scale up/out capacity, representing server's compute units.

* `size` - (Optional) The size code, to be interpreted by resource as appropriate.

* `family` - (Optional) The family of hardware.

---

The `storage_profile` block supports the following:

* `backup_retention_days` - (Optional) Backup retention days for the server.

* `geo_redundant_backup` - (Optional) Enable Geo-redundant or not for server backup. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `storage_mb` - (Optional) Max storage allowed for a server.

* `storage_autogrow` - (Optional) Enable Storage Auto Grow. Defaults to `Enabled`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `administrator_login` - The administrator's login name of a server. Can only be specified when the server is being created (and is required for creation).

* `user_visible_state` - A state of a server that is visible to user.

* `fully_qualified_domain_name` - The fully qualified domain name of a server.

* `earliest_restore_date` - Earliest restore point creation time (ISO8601 format)

* `master_server_id` - The master server id of a replica server.

* `replica_capacity` - The maximum number of replicas that a master server can have.

* `id` - Resource ID

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
