---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_server"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-server"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Server instance.
---

# azurerm_server

Manage Azure Server instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the server. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `administrator_login` - (Optional) Administrator username for the server. Can only be specified when the server is being created (and is required for creation).

* `administrator_login_password` - (Optional) The administrator login password (required for server creation).

* `version` - (Optional) The version of the server. Defaults to `2.0`.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `fully_qualified_domain_name` - The fully qualified domain name of the server.

* `external_administrator_sid` - The ID of the Active Azure Directory object with admin permissions on this server. Legacy parameter, always null. To check for Active Directory admin, query .../servers/{serverName}/administrators.

* `external_administrator_login` - The display name of the Azure Active Directory object with admin permissions on this server. Legacy parameter, always null. To check for Active Directory admin, query .../servers/{serverName}/administrators

* `state` - The state of the server.

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.

* `kind` - Kind of sql server.  This is metadata used for the Azure portal experience.
