---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_service"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-service"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Service instance.
---

# azurerm_service

Manage Azure Service instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the service resource in the format of {applicationName}~{serviceName}. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `application_name` - (Required) The name of the application resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `cluster_name` - (Required) The name of the cluster resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Azure resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `correlation_scheme` - (Optional) One or more `correlation_scheme` block defined below.

* `default_move_cost` - (Optional) Specifies the move cost for the service. Defaults to `Zero`.

* `placement_constraints` - (Optional) The placement constraints as a string. Placement constraints are boolean expressions on node properties and allow for restricting a service to particular nodes based on the service requirements. For example, to place a service on nodes where NodeType is blue specify the following: "NodeColor == blue)".

* `service_load_metrics` - (Optional) One or more `service_load_metric` block defined below.

* `service_type_name` - (Optional) The name of the service type

---

The `correlation_scheme` block supports the following:

* `scheme` - (Required) The ServiceCorrelationScheme which describes the relationship between this service and the service specified via ServiceName.

* `service_name` - (Required) The name of the service that the correlation relationship is established with.

---

The `service_load_metric` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the metric. If the service chooses to report load during runtime, the load metric name should match the name that is specified in Name exactly. Note that metric names are case sensitive.

* `weight` - (Optional) The service load metric relative weight, compared to other metrics configured for this service, as a number. Defaults to `Zero`.

* `primary_default_load` - (Optional) Used only for Stateful services. The default amount of load, as a number, that this service creates for this metric when it is a Primary replica.

* `secondary_default_load` - (Optional) Used only for Stateful services. The default amount of load, as a number, that this service creates for this metric when it is a Secondary replica.

* `default_load` - (Optional) Used only for Stateless services. The default amount of load, as a number, that this service creates for this metric.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The current deployment or provisioning state, which only appears in the response

* `id` - Azure resource identifier.

* `name` - Azure resource name.

* `type` - Azure resource type.
