---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_managed_network_group"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-managed-network-group"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ManagedNetworkGroup instance.
---

# azurerm_managed_network_group

Manage Azure ManagedNetworkGroup instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `managed_network_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Managed Network Group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `managed_network_name` - (Required) The name of the Managed Network. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The geo-location where the resource lives Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `kind` - (Optional) Responsibility role under which this Managed Network Group will be created Defaults to `Connectivity`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `properties` - (Optional) One `property` block defined below.

---

The `property` block supports the following:

* `properties_management_groups` - (Optional) One or more `properties_management_group` block defined below.

* `properties_subscriptions` - (Optional) One or more `properties_subscription` block defined below.

* `properties_virtual_networks` - (Optional) One or more `properties_virtual_network` block defined below.

* `properties_subnets` - (Optional) One or more `properties_subnet` block defined below.


---

The `properties_management_group` block supports the following:

* `management_groups_id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `properties_subscription` block supports the following:

* `subscriptions_id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `properties_virtual_network` block supports the following:

* `virtual_networks_id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `properties_subnet` block supports the following:

* `subnets_id` - (Optional) Resource Id

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.
