---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_batch_account"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-batch-account"
description: |-
  Manage Azure BatchAccount instance.
---

# azurerm_batch_account

Manage Azure BatchAccount instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the Batch account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The region in which to create the account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `account_name` - (Required) A name for the Batch account which must be unique within the region. Batch account names must be between 3 and 24 characters in length and must use only numbers and lowercase letters. This name is used as part of the DNS name that is used to access the Batch service in the region in which the account is created. For example: http://accountname.region.batch.azure.com/. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `auto_storage` - (Optional) One `auto_storage` block defined below.

* `key_vault_reference` - (Optional) One `key_vault_reference` block defined below.

* `pool_allocation_mode` - (Optional) The pool allocation mode also affects how clients may authenticate to the Batch Service API. If the mode is BatchService, clients may authenticate using access keys or Azure Active Directory. If the mode is UserSubscription, clients must use Azure Active Directory. The default is BatchService. Defaults to `BatchService`.

* `tags` - (Optional) The user-specified tags associated with the account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `auto_storage` block supports the following:

* `storage_account_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the storage account to be used for auto-storage account.

---

The `key_vault_reference` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Required) The resource ID of the Azure key vault associated with the Batch account.

* `url` - (Required) The URL of the Azure key vault associated with the Batch account.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `account_endpoint` - The account endpoint used to interact with the Batch service.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioned state of the resource

* `dedicated_core_quota` - For accounts with PoolAllocationMode set to UserSubscription, quota is managed on the subscription so this value is not returned.

* `low_priority_core_quota` - For accounts with PoolAllocationMode set to UserSubscription, quota is managed on the subscription so this value is not returned.

* `dedicated_core_quota_per_vmfamily` - One or more `dedicated_core_quota_per_vmfamily` block defined below.

* `dedicated_core_quota_per_vmfamily_enforced` - Batch is transitioning its core quota system for dedicated cores to be enforced per Virtual Machine family. During this transitional phase, the dedicated core quota per Virtual Machine family may not yet be enforced. If this flag is false, dedicated core quota is enforced via the old dedicatedCoreQuota property on the account and does not consider Virtual Machine family. If this flag is true, dedicated core quota is enforced via the dedicatedCoreQuotaPerVMFamily property on the account, and the old dedicatedCoreQuota does not apply.

* `pool_quota` - 

* `active_job_and_job_schedule_quota` - 

* `id` - The ID of the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.


---

The `dedicated_core_quota_per_vmfamily` block contains the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The Virtual Machine family name.

* `core_quota` - (Optional) The core quota for the VM family for the Batch account.
