---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_api_management_service"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-api-management-service"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ApiManagementService instance.
---

# azurerm_api_management_service

Manage Azure ApiManagementService instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `publisher_email` - (Required) Publisher email.

* `publisher_name` - (Required) Publisher name.

* `service_name` - (Required) The name of the API Management service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku` - (Required) One `sku` block defined below.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the Sku.

* `capacity` - (Optional) Capacity of the SKU (number of deployed units of the SKU). The default value is 1.

* `name` - (Optional) Resource name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `additional_locations` - (Optional) One or more `additional_location` block defined below.

* `addresser_email` - (Optional) Addresser email.

* `custom_properties` - (Optional) Custom properties of the API Management service, like disabling TLS 1.0.

* `hostname_configurations` - (Optional) One or more `hostname_configuration` block defined below.

* `vpn_type` - (Optional) The type of VPN in which API Management service needs to be configured in. None (Default Value) means the API Management service is not part of any Virtual Network, External means the API Management deployment is set up inside a Virtual Network having an Internet Facing Endpoint, and Internal means that API Management deployment is setup inside a Virtual Network having an Intranet Facing Endpoint only. Defaults to `None`.

* `vpnconfiguration` - (Optional) One `vpnconfiguration` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `additional_location` block supports the following:

* `location` - (Required) The location name of the additional region among Azure Data center regions. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku_type` - (Required) The SKU type in the location.

* `sku_unit_count` - (Optional) The SKU Unit count at the location. The maximum SKU Unit count depends on the SkuType. Maximum allowed for Developer SKU is 1, for Standard SKU is 4, and for Premium SKU is 10, at a location.

* `vpnconfiguration` - (Optional) One `vpnconfiguration` block defined below.


---

The `vpnconfiguration` block supports the following:

* `subnet_resource_id` - (Optional) The full resource ID of a subnet in a virtual network to deploy the API Management service in.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the virtual network. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `hostname_configuration` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) Hostname type.

* `hostname` - (Required) Hostname.

* `certificate` - (Required) One `certificate` block defined below.


---

The `certificate` block supports the following:

* `expiry` - (Required) Expiration date of the certificate. The date conforms to the following format: `yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ` as specified by the ISO 8601 standard.

* `thumbprint` - (Required) Thumbprint of the certificate.

* `subject` - (Required) Subject of the certificate.

---

The `vpnconfiguration` block supports the following:

* `subnet_resource_id` - (Optional) The full resource ID of a subnet in a virtual network to deploy the API Management service in.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the virtual network. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The current provisioning state of the API Management service which can be one of the following: Created/Activating/Succeeded/Updating/Failed/Stopped/Terminating/TerminationFailed/Deleted.

* `target_provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the API Management service, which is targeted by the long running operation started on the service.

* `created_at_utc` - Creation UTC date of the API Management service.The date conforms to the following format: `yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ` as specified by the ISO 8601 standard.

* `runtime_url` - Proxy endpoint URL of the API Management service.

* `portal_url` - Publisher portal endpoint Url of the API Management service.

* `management_api_url` - Management API endpoint URL of the API Management service.

* `scm_url` - SCM endpoint URL of the API Management service.

* `static_ips` - Static IP addresses of the API Management service virtual machines. Available only for Standard and Premium SKU.

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `type` - Resource type for API Management resource is set to Microsoft.ApiManagement.

* `etag` - ETag of the resource.
