---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_experiment"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-experiment"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Experiment instance.
---

# azurerm_experiment

Manage Azure Experiment instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The Experiment identifier associated with the Experiment Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `profile_name` - (Required) The Profile identifier associated with the Tenant and Partner Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the details or intents of the Experiment

* `enabled_state` - (Optional) The state of the Experiment Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `endpoint_a_endpoint` - (Optional) The endpoint URL

* `endpoint_a_name` - (Optional) The name of the endpoint

* `endpoint_b_endpoint` - (Optional) The endpoint URL

* `endpoint_b_name` - (Optional) The name of the endpoint

* `resource_state` - (Optional) Resource status. Defaults to `Creating`.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `status` - The description of Experiment status from the server side

* `script_file_uri` - The uri to the Script used in the Experiment

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
