---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_replication_recovery_plan"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-replication-recovery-plan"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ReplicationRecoveryPlan instance.
---

# azurerm_replication_recovery_plan

Manage Azure ReplicationRecoveryPlan instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Recovery plan name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group where the recovery services vault is present. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `groups` - (Required) One or more `group` block defined below.

* `primary_fabric_id` - (Required) The primary fabric Id.

* `recovery_fabric_id` - (Required) The recovery fabric Id.

* `resource_name` - (Required) The name of the recovery services vault. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `group` block supports the following:

* `group_type` - (Required) The group type.

* `replication_protected_items` - (Optional) One or more `replication_protected_item` block defined below.

* `start_group_actions` - (Optional) One or more `start_group_action` block defined below.

* `end_group_actions` - (Optional) One or more `end_group_action` block defined below.


---

The `replication_protected_item` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) The ARM Id of the recovery plan protected item.

* `virtual_machine_id` - (Optional) The virtual machine Id.

---

The `start_group_action` block supports the following:

* `action_name` - (Required) The action name.

* `failover_types` - (Required) The list of failover types.

* `failover_directions` - (Required) The list of failover directions.

---

The `end_group_action` block supports the following:

* `action_name` - (Required) The action name.

* `failover_types` - (Required) The list of failover types.

* `failover_directions` - (Required) The list of failover directions.

* `failover_deployment_model` - (Optional) The failover deployment model. Defaults to `NotApplicable`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `friendly_name` - The friendly name.

* `primary_fabric_friendly_name` - The primary fabric friendly name.

* `recovery_fabric_friendly_name` - The recovery fabric friendly name.

* `replication_providers` - The list of replication providers.

* `allowed_operations` - The list of allowed operations.

* `last_planned_failover_time` - The start time of the last planned failover.

* `last_unplanned_failover_time` - The start time of the last unplanned failover.

* `last_test_failover_time` - The start time of the last test failover.

* `current_scenario` - One `current_scenario` block defined below.

* `current_scenario_status` - The recovery plan status.

* `current_scenario_status_description` - The recovery plan status description.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource Name

* `type` - Resource Type

* `location` - Resource Location


---

The `current_scenario` block contains the following:

* `scenario_name` - (Optional) Scenario name.

* `job_id` - (Optional) ARM Id of the job being executed.

* `start_time` - (Optional) Start time of the workflow.
