---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_namespace"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-namespace"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Namespace instance.
---

# azurerm_namespace

Manage Azure Namespace instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `namespace_name` - (Required) The namespace name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the namespace.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `created_at` - (Optional) The time the namespace was created.

* `critical` - (Optional) Whether or not the namespace is set as Critical.

* `data_center` - (Optional) Data center for the namespace

* `enabled` - (Optional) Whether or not the namespace is currently enabled.

* `namespace_type` - (Optional) The namespace type. Defaults to `Messaging`.

* `region` - (Optional) Specifies the targeted region in which the namespace should be created. It can be any of the following values: Australia East, Australia Southeast, Central US, East US, East US 2, West US, North Central US, South Central US, East Asia, Southeast Asia, Brazil South, Japan East, Japan West, North Europe, West Europe

* `scale_unit` - (Optional) ScaleUnit where the namespace gets created

* `service_bus_endpoint` - (Optional) Endpoint you can use to perform NotificationHub operations.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `status` - (Optional) Status of the namespace. It can be any of these values:1 = Created/Active2 = Creating3 = Suspended4 = Deleting

* `subscription_id` - (Optional) The Id of the Azure subscription associated with the namespace.

* `updated_at` - (Optional) The time the namespace was updated.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the notification hub sku

* `tier` - (Optional) The tier of particular sku

* `size` - (Optional) The Sku size

* `family` - (Optional) The Sku Family

* `capacity` - (Optional) The capacity of the resource

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning state of the Namespace.

* `metric_id` - Identifier for Azure Insights metrics

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type
