---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_asset"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-asset"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Asset instance.
---

# azurerm_asset

Manage Azure Asset instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The Asset name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `account_name` - (Required) The Media Services account name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `alternate_id` - (Optional) The alternate ID of the Asset.

* `container` - (Optional) The name of the asset blob container.

* `description` - (Optional) The Asset description.

* `expiry_time` - (Optional) The SAS URL expiration time.  This must be less than 24 hours from the current time. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `permissions` - (Optional) The permissions to set on the SAS URL. Defaults to `Read`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `storage_account_name` - (Optional) The name of the storage account.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `asset_id` - The Asset ID.

* `created` - The creation date of the Asset.

* `last_modified` - The last modified date of the Asset.

* `storage_encryption_format` - The Asset encryption format. One of None or MediaStorageEncryption.

* `id` - Fully qualified resource ID for the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
