---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_database"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-database"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Database instance.
---

# azurerm_database

Manage Azure Database instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the database in the Kusto cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Required) Database name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group containing the Kusto cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `cluster_name` - (Required) The name of the Kusto cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `soft_delete_period_in_days` - (Required) The number of days data should be kept before it stops being accessible to queries.

* `type` - (Required) The type of resource, Microsoft.Kusto/clusters/databases. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `hot_cache_period_in_days` - (Optional) The number of days of data that should be kept in cache for fast queries.

* `statistics` - (Optional) One `statistic` block defined below.

* `value` - (Optional) One or more `value` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `statistic` block supports the following:

* `size` - (Optional) The database size - the total size of compressed data and index in bytes.

---

The `value` block supports the following:

* `role` - (Required) Database principal role.

* `name` - (Required) Database principal name.

* `type` - (Required) Database principal type.

* `fqn` - (Optional) Database principal fully qualified name.

* `email` - (Optional) Database principal email if exists.

* `app_id` - (Optional) Application id - relevant only for application principal type.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}

* `etag` - An ETag of the resource created.
