---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_file_share"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-file-share"
description: |-
  Manage Azure FileShare instance.
---

# azurerm_file_share

Manage Azure FileShare instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the file share within the specified storage account. File share names must be between 3 and 63 characters in length and use numbers, lower-case letters and dash (-) only. Every dash (-) character must be immediately preceded and followed by a letter or number. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group within the user's subscription. The name is case insensitive. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `account_name` - (Required) The name of the storage account within the specified resource group. Storage account names must be between 3 and 24 characters in length and use numbers and lower-case letters only. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `metadata` - (Optional) A name-value pair to associate with the share as metadata.

* `share_quota` - (Optional) The maximum size of the share, in gigabytes. Must be greater than 0, and less than or equal to 5TB (5120). For Large File Shares, the maximum size is 100000.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `last_modified_time` - Returns the date and time the share was last modified.

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.

* `etag` - Resource Etag.
