---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_user"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-user"
description: |-
  Manage Azure User instance.
---

# azurerm_user

Manage Azure User instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Last name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `email` - (Required) Email address. Must not be empty and must be unique within the service instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `first_name` - (Required) First name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `password` - (Required) User Password. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `service_name` - (Required) The name of the API Management service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `uid` - (Required) User identifier. Must be unique in the current API Management service instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `note` - (Optional) Optional note about a user set by the administrator. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `state` - (Optional) Account state. Specifies whether the user is active or not. Blocked users are unable to sign into the developer portal or call any APIs of subscribed products. Default state is Active. Defaults to `Active`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - User identifier path.

* `registration_date` - Date of user registration. The date conforms to the following format: `yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ` as specified by the ISO 8601 standard.<br>

* `identities` - One or more `identity` block defined below.


---

The `identity` block contains the following:

* `provider` - (Optional) Identity provider name.

* `id` - (Optional) Identifier value within provider.
