---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_schedule"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-schedule"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Schedule instance.
---

# azurerm_schedule

Manage Azure Schedule instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The schedule name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of an Azure Resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `automation_account_name` - (Required) The name of the automation account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) Gets or sets the name of the Schedule. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `description` - (Optional) Gets or sets the description of the schedule.

* `is_enabled` - (Optional) Gets or sets a value indicating whether this schedule is enabled.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `start_time` - Gets or sets the start time of the schedule.

* `start_time_offset_minutes` - Gets the start time's offset in minutes.

* `expiry_time` - Gets or sets the end time of the schedule.

* `expiry_time_offset_minutes` - Gets or sets the expiry time's offset in minutes.

* `next_run` - Gets or sets the next run time of the schedule.

* `next_run_offset_minutes` - Gets or sets the next run time's offset in minutes.

* `interval` - Gets or sets the interval of the schedule.

* `frequency` - Gets or sets the frequency of the schedule.

* `time_zone` - Gets or sets the time zone of the schedule.

* `advanced_schedule` - One `advanced_schedule` block defined below.

* `creation_time` - Gets or sets the creation time.

* `last_modified_time` - Gets or sets the last modified time.

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource.


---

The `advanced_schedule` block contains the following:

* `week_days` - Days of the week that the job should execute on.

* `month_days` - Days of the month that the job should execute on. Must be between 1 and 31.

* `monthly_occurrences` - One or more `monthly_occurrence` block defined below.


---

The `monthly_occurrence` block contains the following:

* `occurrence` - Occurrence of the week within the month. Must be between 1 and 5

* `day` - Day of the occurrence. Must be one of monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday, saturday, sunday.
