---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_app_service_plan"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-app-service-plan"
description: |-
  Manage Azure AppServicePlan instance.
---

# azurerm_app_service_plan

Manage Azure AppServicePlan instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the App Service plan. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Required) Name for the App Service plan.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the resource group to which the resource belongs. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource Location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `admin_site_name` - (Optional) App Service plan administration site.

* `hosting_environment_profile` - (Optional) One `hosting_environment_profile` block defined below.

* `is_spot` - (Optional) If <code>true</code>, this App Service Plan owns spot instances.

* `kind` - (Optional) Kind of resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `per_site_scaling` - (Optional) If <code>true</code>, apps assigned to this App Service plan can be scaled independently.<br>If <code>false</code>, apps assigned to this App Service plan will scale to all instances of the plan.

* `reserved` - (Optional) If Linux app service plan <code>true</code>, <code>false</code> otherwise.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `spot_expiration_time` - (Optional) The time when the server farm expires. Valid only if it is a spot server farm.

* `target_worker_count` - (Optional) Scaling worker count.

* `target_worker_size_id` - (Optional) Scaling worker size ID.

* `worker_tier_name` - (Optional) Target worker tier assigned to the App Service plan.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `hosting_environment_profile` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID of the App Service Environment.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Name of the resource SKU.

* `tier` - (Optional) Service tier of the resource SKU.

* `size` - (Optional) Size specifier of the resource SKU.

* `family` - (Optional) Family code of the resource SKU.

* `capacity` - (Optional) Current number of instances assigned to the resource.

* `sku_capacity` - (Optional) One `sku_capacity` block defined below.

* `locations` - (Optional) Locations of the SKU.

* `capabilities` - (Optional) One or more `capability` block defined below.


---

The `sku_capacity` block supports the following:

* `minimum` - (Optional) Minimum number of workers for this App Service plan SKU.

* `maximum` - (Optional) Maximum number of workers for this App Service plan SKU.

* `default` - (Optional) Default number of workers for this App Service plan SKU.

* `scale_type` - (Optional) Available scale configurations for an App Service plan.

---

The `capability` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Name of the SKU capability.

* `value` - (Optional) Value of the SKU capability.

* `reason` - (Optional) Reason of the SKU capability.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `status` - App Service plan status.

* `subscription` - App Service plan subscription.

* `maximum_number_of_workers` - Maximum number of instances that can be assigned to this App Service plan.

* `geo_region` - Geographical location for the App Service plan.

* `number_of_sites` - Number of apps assigned to this App Service plan.

* `resource_group` - Resource group of the App Service plan.

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning state of the App Service Environment.

* `id` - Resource Id.

* `type` - Resource type.
