---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_service_endpoint_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-service-endpoint-policy"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ServiceEndpointPolicy instance.
---

# azurerm_service_endpoint_policy

Manage Azure ServiceEndpointPolicy instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `service_endpoint_policy_name` - (Required) The name of the service endpoint policy. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `etag` - (Optional) A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_guid` - (Optional) The resource GUID property of the service endpoint policy resource.

* `service_endpoint_policy_definitions` - (Optional) One or more `service_endpoint_policy_definition` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `service_endpoint_policy_definition` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

* `description` - (Optional) A description for this rule. Restricted to 140 chars.

* `service` - (Optional) service endpoint name.

* `service_resources` - (Optional) A list of service resources.

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource.

* `etag` - (Optional) A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the service endpoint policy. Possible values are: 'Updating', 'Deleting', and 'Failed'.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
