---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_web_test"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-web-test"
description: |-
  Manage Azure WebTest instance.
---

# azurerm_web_test

Manage Azure WebTest instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Application Insights webtest resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Required) User defined name if this WebTest.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `kind` - (Required) The kind of web test this is, valid choices are ping and multistep.

* `locations` - (Required) One or more `location` block defined below.

* `synthetic_monitor_id` - (Required) Unique ID of this WebTest. This is typically the same value as the Name field.

---

The `location` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Location ID for the webtest to run from.

* `configuration` - (Optional) One `configuration` block defined below.

* `description` - (Optional) Purpose/user defined descriptive test for this WebTest.

* `enabled` - (Optional) Is the test actively being monitored.

* `frequency` - (Optional) Interval in seconds between test runs for this WebTest. Default value is 300.

* `kind` - (Optional) The kind of web test that this web test watches. Choices are ping and multistep. Defaults to `ping`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `retry_enabled` - (Optional) Allow for retries should this WebTest fail.

* `timeout` - (Optional) Seconds until this WebTest will timeout and fail. Default value is 30.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `configuration` block supports the following:

* `web_test` - (Optional) The XML specification of a WebTest to run against an application.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - Current state of this component, whether or not is has been provisioned within the resource group it is defined. Users cannot change this value but are able to read from it. Values will include Succeeded, Deploying, Canceled, and Failed.

* `id` - Azure resource Id

* `name` - Azure resource name

* `type` - Azure resource type
