---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_environment"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-environment"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Environment instance.
---

# azurerm_environment

Manage Azure Environment instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the environment. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `environment_id` - (Required) The resourceId of the environment Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `environment_setting_name` - (Required) The name of the environment Setting. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `lab_account_name` - (Required) The name of the lab Account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `lab_name` - (Required) The name of the lab. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `password` - (Optional) The password to assign to the user specified in Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_sets` - (Optional) One `resource_set` block defined below.

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `username` - (Optional) The username for which the password will be reset. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `resource_set` block supports the following:

* `vm_resource_id` - (Optional) VM resource Id for the environment

* `resource_setting_id` - (Optional) resourceSettingId for the environment

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
