---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_iot_dps_resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-iot-dps-resource"
description: |-
  Manage Azure IotDpsResource instance.
---

# azurerm_iot_dps_resource

Manage Azure IotDpsResource instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of provisioning service to create or update. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Resource group identifier. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku` - (Required) One `sku` block defined below.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional)  Defaults to `S1`.

* `capacity` - (Optional) The number of services of the selected tier allowed in the subscription.

* `allocation_policy` - (Optional) Allocation policy to be used by this provisioning service. Defaults to `Hashed`.

* `authorization_policies` - (Optional) One or more `authorization_policy` block defined below.

* `etag` - (Optional) The Etag field is *not* required. If it is provided in the response body, it must also be provided as a header per the normal ETag convention. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `iot_hubs` - (Optional) One or more `iot_hub` block defined below.

* `state` - (Optional) Current state of the provisioning service. Defaults to `Activating`.

* `tags` - (Optional) The resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `authorization_policy` block supports the following:

* `key_name` - (Required) Name of the key.

* `primary_key` - (Optional) Primary SAS key value.

* `secondary_key` - (Optional) Secondary SAS key value.

* `rights` - (Required) Rights that this key has.

---

The `iot_hub` block supports the following:

* `apply_allocation_policy` - (Optional) 

* `allocation_weight` - (Optional) 

* `connection_string` - (Required) Connection string og the IoT hub.

* `location` - (Required) ARM region of the IoT hub. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The ARM provisioning state of the provisioning service.

* `service_operations_host_name` - Service endpoint for provisioning service.

* `device_provisioning_host_name` - Device endpoint for this provisioning service.

* `id_scope` - Unique identifier of this provisioning service.

* `id` - The resource identifier.

* `name` - The resource name.

* `type` - The resource type.
