---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_share_subscription"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-share-subscription"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ShareSubscription instance.
---

# azurerm_share_subscription

Manage Azure ShareSubscription instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `account_name` - (Required) The name of the share account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `invitation_id` - (Required) The invitation id.

* `share_subscription_name` - (Required) The name of the shareSubscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `source_share_location` - (Required) Source share location.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `created_at` - Time at which the share subscription was created.

* `provider_email` - Email of the provider who created the resource

* `provider_name` - Name of the provider who created the resource

* `provider_tenant_name` - Tenant name of the provider who created the resource

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning state of the share subscription

* `share_description` - Description of share

* `share_kind` - Kind of share

* `share_name` - Name of the share

* `share_subscription_status` - Gets the current status of share subscription.

* `share_terms` - Terms of a share

* `user_email` - Email of the user who created the resource

* `user_name` - Name of the user who created the resource

* `id` - The resource id of the azure resource

* `name` - Name of the azure resource

* `type` - Type of the azure resource
