---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-policy"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Policy instance.
---

# azurerm_policy

Manage Azure Policy instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the policy set. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the policy. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `lab_name` - (Required) The name of the lab. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the policy.

* `evaluator_type` - (Optional) The evaluator type of the policy (i.e. AllowedValuesPolicy, MaxValuePolicy). Defaults to `AllowedValuesPolicy`.

* `fact_data` - (Optional) The fact data of the policy.

* `fact_name` - (Optional) The fact name of the policy (e.g. LabVmCount, LabVmSize, MaxVmsAllowedPerLab, etc. Defaults to `UserOwnedLabVmCount`.

* `status` - (Optional) The status of the policy. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `threshold` - (Optional) The threshold of the policy (i.e. a number for MaxValuePolicy, and a JSON array of values for AllowedValuesPolicy).

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `created_date` - The creation date of the policy.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning status of the resource.

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
