---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_virtual_hub"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-virtual-hub"
description: |-
  Manage Azure VirtualHub instance.
---

# azurerm_virtual_hub

Manage Azure VirtualHub instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name of the VirtualHub. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `virtual_hub_name` - (Required) The name of the VirtualHub. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `address_prefix` - (Optional) Address-prefix for this VirtualHub.

* `express_route_gateway` - (Optional) One `express_route_gateway` block defined below.

* `p2svpn_gateway` - (Optional) One `p2svpn_gateway` block defined below.

* `route_table` - (Optional) One `route_table` block defined below.

* `virtual_network_connections` - (Optional) One or more `virtual_network_connection` block defined below.

* `virtual_wan` - (Optional) One `virtual_wan` block defined below.

* `vpn_gateway` - (Optional) One `vpn_gateway` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `express_route_gateway` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

---

The `p2svpn_gateway` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

---

The `route_table` block supports the following:

* `routes` - (Optional) One or more `route` block defined below.


---

The `route` block supports the following:

* `address_prefixes` - (Optional) list of all addressPrefixes.

* `next_hop_ip_address` - (Optional) NextHop ip address.

---

The `virtual_network_connection` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

* `remote_virtual_network` - (Optional) One `remote_virtual_network` block defined below.

* `allow_hub_to_remote_vnet_transit` - (Optional) VirtualHub to RemoteVnet transit to enabled or not.

* `allow_remote_vnet_to_use_hub_vnet_gateways` - (Optional) Allow RemoteVnet to use Virtual Hub's gateways.

* `enable_internet_security` - (Optional) Enable internet security

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource.


---

The `remote_virtual_network` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

---

The `virtual_wan` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

---

The `vpn_gateway` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the resource.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.

* `etag` - Gets a unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated.
