---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_project"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-project"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Project instance.
---

# azurerm_project

Manage Azure Project instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the Azure Migrate project. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the Azure Resource Group that project is part of. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Azure location in which project is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `customer_workspace_id` - (Optional) ARM ID of the Service Map workspace created by user.

* `customer_workspace_location` - (Optional) Location of the Service Map workspace created by user.

* `e_tag` - (Optional) For optimistic concurrency control. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) Tags provided by Azure Tagging service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `created_timestamp` - Time when this project was created. Date-Time represented in ISO-8601 format.

* `updated_timestamp` - Time when this project was last updated. Date-Time represented in ISO-8601 format.

* `discovery_status` - Reports whether project is under discovery.

* `last_discovery_timestamp` - Time when this project was created. Date-Time represented in ISO-8601 format. This value will be null until discovery is complete.

* `last_discovery_session_id` - Session id of the last discovery.

* `number_of_groups` - Number of groups created in the project.

* `number_of_machines` - Number of machines in the project.

* `number_of_assessments` - Number of assessments created in the project.

* `last_assessment_timestamp` - Time when last assessment was created. Date-Time represented in ISO-8601 format. This value will be null until assessment is created.

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning state of the project.

* `id` - Path reference to this project /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Migrate/projects/{projectName}

* `name` - Name of the project.

* `type` - Type of the object = [Microsoft.Migrate/projects].
