---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_diagnostic_setting"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-diagnostic-setting"
description: |-
  Manage Azure DiagnosticSetting instance.
---

# azurerm_diagnostic_setting

Manage Azure DiagnosticSetting instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the diagnostic setting. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `event_hub_authorization_rule_id` - (Optional) The resource Id for the event hub authorization rule.

* `event_hub_name` - (Optional) The name of the event hub. If none is specified, the default event hub will be selected.

* `logs` - (Optional) One or more `log` block defined below.

* `service_bus_rule_id` - (Optional) The service bus rule Id of the diagnostic setting. This is here to maintain backwards compatibility.

* `storage_account_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the storage account to which you would like to send Diagnostic Logs.

* `workspace_id` - (Optional) The workspace ID (resource ID of a Log Analytics workspace) for a Log Analytics workspace to which you would like to send Diagnostic Logs. Example: /subscriptions/4b9e8510-67ab-4e9a-95a9-e2f1e570ea9c/resourceGroups/insights-integration/providers/Microsoft.OperationalInsights/workspaces/viruela2

---

The `log` block supports the following:

* `category` - (Optional) Name of a Diagnostic Log category for a resource type this setting is applied to. To obtain the list of Diagnostic Log categories for a resource, first perform a GET diagnostic settings operation. Defaults to `AuditLogs`.

* `enabled` - (Required) A value indicating whether this log is enabled.

* `retention_policy` - (Optional) One `retention_policy` block defined below.


---

The `retention_policy` block supports the following:

* `enabled` - (Required) A value indicating whether the retention policy is enabled.

* `days` - (Required) The number of days for the retention in days. A value of 0 will retain the events indefinitely.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Azure resource Id

* `type` - Azure resource type
