---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_gallery_image"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-gallery-image"
description: |-
  Manage Azure GalleryImage instance.
---

# azurerm_gallery_image

Manage Azure GalleryImage instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `gallery_image_name` - (Required) The name of the gallery Image Definition to be created or updated. The allowed characters are alphabets and numbers with dots, dashes, and periods allowed in the middle. The maximum length is 80 characters. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `gallery_name` - (Required) The name of the Shared Image Gallery in which the Image Definition is to be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `identifier` - (Required) One `identifier` block defined below.

* `os_state` - (Required) This property allows the user to specify whether the virtual machines created under this image are 'Generalized' or 'Specialized'.

* `os_type` - (Required) This property allows you to specify the type of the OS that is included in the disk when creating a VM from a managed image. <br><br> Possible values are: <br><br> **Windows** <br><br> **Linux**

---

The `identifier` block supports the following:

* `publisher` - (Required) The name of the gallery Image Definition publisher.

* `offer` - (Required) The name of the gallery Image Definition offer.

* `sku` - (Required) The name of the gallery Image Definition SKU.

* `description` - (Optional) The description of this gallery Image Definition resource. This property is updatable.

* `disallowed` - (Optional) One `disallowed` block defined below.

* `end_of_life_date` - (Optional) The end of life date of the gallery Image Definition. This property can be used for decommissioning purposes. This property is updatable.

* `eula` - (Optional) The Eula agreement for the gallery Image Definition.

* `hyper_vgeneration` - (Optional) The hypervisor generation of the Virtual Machine. Applicable to OS disks only. Defaults to `V1`.

* `privacy_statement_uri` - (Optional) The privacy statement uri.

* `purchase_plan` - (Optional) One `purchase_plan` block defined below.

* `recommended` - (Optional) One `recommended` block defined below.

* `release_note_uri` - (Optional) The release note uri.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `disallowed` block supports the following:

* `disk_types` - (Optional) A list of disk types.

---

The `purchase_plan` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The plan ID.

* `publisher` - (Optional) The publisher ID.

* `product` - (Optional) The product ID.

---

The `recommended` block supports the following:

* `v_cpus` - (Optional) One `v_cpu` block defined below.

* `memory` - (Optional) One `memory` block defined below.


---

The `v_cpu` block supports the following:

* `min` - (Optional) The minimum number of the resource.

* `max` - (Optional) The maximum number of the resource.

---

The `memory` block supports the following:

* `min` - (Optional) The minimum number of the resource.

* `max` - (Optional) The maximum number of the resource.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state, which only appears in the response.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type
