---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_service"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-service"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Service instance.
---

# azurerm_service

Manage Azure Service instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Service resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The GEO location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `config_server_properties` - (Optional) One `config_server_property` block defined below.

* `trace` - (Optional) One `trace` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Tags of the service which is a list of key value pairs that describe the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `config_server_property` block supports the following:

* `error` - (Optional) One `error` block defined below.

* `config_server` - (Optional) One `config_server` block defined below.


---

The `error` block supports the following:

* `code` - (Optional) The code of error.

* `message` - (Optional) The message of error.

---

The `config_server` block supports the following:

* `git_property` - (Optional) One `git_property` block defined below.


---

The `git_property` block supports the following:

* `uri` - (Required) URI of the repository

* `label` - (Optional) Label of the repository

* `search_paths` - (Optional) Searching path of the repository

* `username` - (Optional) Username of git repository basic auth.

* `password` - (Optional) Password of git repository basic auth.

* `host_key` - (Optional) Public sshKey of git repository.

* `host_key_algorithm` - (Optional) SshKey algorithm of git repository.

* `private_key` - (Optional) Private sshKey algorithm of git repository.

* `strict_host_key_checking` - (Optional) Strict host key checking or not.

---

The `trace` block supports the following:

* `error` - (Optional) One `error` block defined below.

* `enabled` - (Optional) Indicates whether enable the tracing functionality

* `app_insight_instrumentation_key` - (Optional) Target application insight instrumentation key


---

The `error` block supports the following:

* `code` - (Optional) The code of error.

* `message` - (Optional) The message of error.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning state of the Service

* `version` - Version of the Service

* `service_id` - ServiceInstanceEntity GUID which uniquely identifies a created resource

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
