---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_order"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-order"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Order instance.
---

# azurerm_order

Manage Azure Order instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The device name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `contact_information` - (Required) One `contact_information` block defined below.

* `shipping_address` - (Required) One `shipping_address` block defined below.

---

The `contact_information` block supports the following:

* `contact_person` - (Required) The contact person name.

* `company_name` - (Required) The name of the company.

* `phone` - (Required) The phone number.

* `email_list` - (Required) The email list.

---

The `shipping_address` block supports the following:

* `address_line1` - (Required) The address line1.

* `address_line2` - (Optional) The address line2.

* `address_line3` - (Optional) The address line3.

* `postal_code` - (Required) The postal code.

* `city` - (Required) The city name.

* `state` - (Required) The state name.

* `country` - (Required) The country name.

* `current_status` - (Optional) One `current_status` block defined below.

---

The `current_status` block supports the following:

* `status` - (Required) Status of the order as per the allowed status types.

* `comments` - (Optional) Comments related to this status change.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The path ID that uniquely identifies the object.

* `name` - The object name.

* `type` - The hierarchical type of the object.
