---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_job"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-job"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Job instance.
---

# azurerm_job

Manage Azure Job instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The Job name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `account_name` - (Required) The Media Services account name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `input` - (Required) One `input` block defined below.

* `transform_name` - (Required) The Transform name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `input` block supports the following:

* `label` - (Optional) A label that is assigned to a JobInput, that is used to satisfy a reference used in the Transform. For example, a Transform can be authored so as to take an image file with the label 'xyz' and apply it as an overlay onto the input video before it is encoded. When submitting a Job, exactly one of the JobInputs should be the image file, and it should have the label 'xyz'.

* `correlation_data` - (Optional) Customer provided correlation data that will be returned in Job completed events.

* `description` - (Optional) Optional customer supplied description of the Job.

* `priority` - (Optional) Priority with which the job should be processed. Higher priority jobs are processed before lower priority jobs. If not set, the default is normal. Defaults to `Low`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Fully qualified resource ID for the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
