---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_backup_schedule"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-backup-schedule"
description: |-
  Manage Azure BackupSchedule instance.
---

# azurerm_backup_schedule

Manage Azure BackupSchedule instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `backup_policy_name` - (Required) The backup policy name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `backup_schedule_name` - (Required) The backup schedule name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `backup_type` - (Required) The type of backup which needs to be taken.

* `device_name` - (Required) The device name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `manager_name` - (Required) The manager name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `retention_count` - (Required) The number of backups to be retained.

* `schedule_recurrence` - (Required) One `schedule_recurrence` block defined below.

* `schedule_status` - (Required) The schedule status.

* `start_time` - (Required) The start time of the schedule.

---

The `schedule_recurrence` block supports the following:

* `recurrence_type` - (Required) The recurrence type.

* `recurrence_value` - (Required) The recurrence value.

* `weekly_days_list` - (Optional) The week days list. Applicable only for schedules of recurrence type 'weekly'.

* `kind` - (Optional) The Kind of the object. Currently only Series8000 is supported Defaults to `Series8000`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `last_successful_run` - The last successful backup run which was triggered for the schedule.

* `id` - The path ID that uniquely identifies the object.

* `name` - The name of the object.

* `type` - The hierarchical type of the object.
