---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_domain_service"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-domain-service"
description: |-
  Manage Azure DomainService instance.
---

# azurerm_domain_service

Manage Azure DomainService instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group within the user's subscription. The name is case insensitive. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `domain_service_name` - (Required) The name of the domain service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `domain_name` - (Optional) The name of the Azure domain that the user would like to deploy Domain Services to.

* `domain_security_settings` - (Optional) One `domain_security_setting` block defined below.

* `etag` - (Optional) Resource etag Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `filtered_sync` - (Optional) Enabled or Disabled flag to turn on Group-based filtered sync Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `ldaps_settings` - (Optional) One `ldaps_setting` block defined below.

* `notification_settings` - (Optional) One `notification_setting` block defined below.

* `subnet_id` - (Optional) The name of the virtual network that Domain Services will be deployed on. The id of the subnet that Domain Services will be deployed on. /virtualNetwork/vnetName/subnets/subnetName.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `domain_security_setting` block supports the following:

* `ntlm_v1` - (Optional) A flag to determine whether or not NtlmV1 is enabled or disabled. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `tls_v1` - (Optional) A flag to determine whether or not TlsV1 is enabled or disabled. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `sync_ntlm_passwords` - (Optional) A flag to determine whether or not SyncNtlmPasswords is enabled or disabled. Defaults to `Enabled`.

---

The `ldaps_setting` block supports the following:

* `ldaps` - (Optional) A flag to determine whether or not Secure LDAP is enabled or disabled. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `pfx_certificate` - (Optional) The certificate required to configure Secure LDAP. The parameter passed here should be a base64encoded representation of the certificate pfx file.

* `pfx_certificate_password` - (Optional) The password to decrypt the provided Secure LDAP certificate pfx file.

* `external_access` - (Optional) A flag to determine whether or not Secure LDAP access over the internet is enabled or disabled. Defaults to `Enabled`.

---

The `notification_setting` block supports the following:

* `notify_global_admins` - (Optional) Should global admins be notified Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `notify_dc_admins` - (Optional) Should domain controller admins be notified Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `additional_recipients` - (Optional) The list of additional recipients

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `tenant_id` - Azure Active Directory tenant id

* `vnet_site_id` - Virtual network site id

* `health_last_evaluated` - Last domain evaluation run DateTime

* `health_monitors` - One or more `health_monitor` block defined below.

* `health_alerts` - One or more `health_alert` block defined below.

* `domain_controller_ip_address` - List of Domain Controller IP Address

* `service_status` - Status of Domain Service instance

* `provisioning_state` - the current deployment or provisioning state, which only appears in the response.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type


---

The `health_monitor` block contains the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Health Monitor Id

* `name` - (Optional) Health Monitor Name

* `details` - (Optional) Health Monitor Details

---

The `health_alert` block contains the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Health Alert Id

* `name` - (Optional) Health Alert Name

* `issue` - (Optional) Health Alert Issue

* `severity` - (Optional) Health Alert Severity

* `raised` - (Optional) Health Alert Raised DateTime

* `last_detected` - (Optional) Health Alert Last Detected DateTime

* `resolution_uri` - (Optional) Health Alert TSG Link
