---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_notification_hub"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-notification-hub"
description: |-
  Manage Azure NotificationHub instance.
---

# azurerm_notification_hub

Manage Azure NotificationHub instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `namespace_name` - (Required) The namespace name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `notification_hub_name` - (Required) The notification hub name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) The NotificationHub name.

* `adm_credential` - (Optional) One `adm_credential` block defined below.

* `apns_credential` - (Optional) One `apns_credential` block defined below.

* `authorization_rules` - (Optional) One or more `authorization_rule` block defined below.

* `baidu_credential` - (Optional) One `baidu_credential` block defined below.

* `gcm_credential` - (Optional) One `gcm_credential` block defined below.

* `mpns_credential` - (Optional) One `mpns_credential` block defined below.

* `registration_ttl` - (Optional) The RegistrationTtl of the created NotificationHub

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `wns_credential` - (Optional) One `wns_credential` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `adm_credential` block supports the following:

* `client_id` - (Optional) The client identifier.

* `client_secret` - (Optional) The credential secret access key.

* `auth_token_url` - (Optional) The URL of the authorization token.

---

The `apns_credential` block supports the following:

* `apns_certificate` - (Optional) The APNS certificate.

* `certificate_key` - (Optional) The certificate key.

* `endpoint` - (Optional) The endpoint of this credential.

* `thumbprint` - (Optional) The APNS certificate Thumbprint

---

The `authorization_rule` block supports the following:

* `rights` - (Optional) The rights associated with the rule.

---

The `baidu_credential` block supports the following:

* `baidu_api_key` - (Optional) Baidu Api Key.

* `baidu_end_point` - (Optional) Baidu Endpoint.

* `baidu_secret_key` - (Optional) Baidu Secret Key

---

The `gcm_credential` block supports the following:

* `gcm_endpoint` - (Optional) The GCM endpoint.

* `google_api_key` - (Optional) The Google API key.

---

The `mpns_credential` block supports the following:

* `mpns_certificate` - (Optional) The MPNS certificate.

* `certificate_key` - (Optional) The certificate key for this credential.

* `thumbprint` - (Optional) The MPNS certificate Thumbprint

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the notification hub sku

* `tier` - (Optional) The tier of particular sku

* `size` - (Optional) The Sku size

* `family` - (Optional) The Sku Family

* `capacity` - (Optional) The capacity of the resource

---

The `wns_credential` block supports the following:

* `package_sid` - (Optional) The package ID for this credential.

* `secret_key` - (Optional) The secret key.

* `windows_live_endpoint` - (Optional) The Windows Live endpoint.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type
