---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_profile"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-profile"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Profile instance.
---

# azurerm_profile

Manage Azure Profile instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the profile. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `hub_name` - (Required) The name of the hub. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `api_entity_set_name` - (Optional) The api entity set name. This becomes the odata entity set name for the entity Type being referred in this object.

* `attributes` - (Optional) The attributes for the Type.

* `description` - (Optional) Localized descriptions for the property.

* `display_name` - (Optional) Localized display names for the property.

* `entity_type` - (Optional) Type of entity. Defaults to `None`.

* `fields` - (Optional) One or more `field` block defined below.

* `instances_count` - (Optional) The instance count.

* `large_image` - (Optional) Large Image associated with the Property or EntityType.

* `localized_attributes` - (Optional) Any custom localized attributes for the Type.

* `medium_image` - (Optional) Medium Image associated with the Property or EntityType.

* `schema_item_type_link` - (Optional) The schema org link. This helps ACI identify and suggest semantic models.

* `small_image` - (Optional) Small Image associated with the Property or EntityType.

* `strong_ids` - (Optional) One or more `strong_id` block defined below.

* `timestamp_field_name` - (Optional) The timestamp property name. Represents the time when the interaction or profile update happened.

* `type_name` - (Optional) The name of the entity.

---

The `field` block supports the following:

* `array_value_separator` - (Optional) Array value separator for properties with isArray set.

* `enum_valid_values` - (Optional) One or more `enum_valid_value` block defined below.

* `field_name` - (Required) Name of the property.

* `field_type` - (Required) Type of the property.

* `is_array` - (Optional) Indicates if the property is actually an array of the fieldType above on the data api.

* `is_enum` - (Optional) Indicates if the property is an enum.

* `is_flag_enum` - (Optional) Indicates if the property is an flag enum.

* `is_image` - (Optional) Whether the property is an Image.

* `is_localized_string` - (Optional) Whether the property is a localized string.

* `is_name` - (Optional) Whether the property is a name or a part of name.

* `is_required` - (Optional) Whether property value is required on instances, IsRequired field only for Interaction. Profile Instance will not check for required field.

* `property_id` - (Optional) The ID associated with the property.

* `schema_item_prop_link` - (Optional) URL encoded schema.org item prop link for the property.

* `max_length` - (Optional) Max length of string. Used only if type is string.

* `is_available_in_graph` - (Optional) Whether property is available in graph or not.


---

The `enum_valid_value` block supports the following:

* `value` - (Optional) The integer value of the enum member.

* `localized_value_names` - (Optional) Localized names of the enum member.

---

The `strong_id` block supports the following:

* `key_property_names` - (Required) The properties which make up the unique ID.

* `strong_id_name` - (Required) The Name identifying the strong ID.

* `display_name` - (Optional) Localized display name.

* `description` - (Optional) Localized descriptions.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `last_changed_utc` - The last changed time for the type definition.

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning state.

* `tenant_id` - The hub name.

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
