---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_custom_image"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-custom-image"
description: |-
  Manage Azure CustomImage instance.
---

# azurerm_custom_image

Manage Azure CustomImage instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the custom image. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `lab_name` - (Required) The name of the lab. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `author` - (Optional) The author of the custom image.

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the custom image.

* `managed_image_id` - (Optional) The Managed Image Id backing the custom image.

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `vhd` - (Optional) One `vhd` block defined below.

* `vm` - (Optional) One `vm` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `vhd` block supports the following:

* `image_name` - (Optional) The image name.

* `sys_prep` - (Optional) Indicates whether sysprep has been run on the VHD.

* `os_type` - (Required) The OS type of the custom image (i.e. Windows, Linux)

---

The `vm` block supports the following:

* `source_vm_id` - (Optional) The source vm identifier.

* `windows_os_info` - (Optional) One `windows_os_info` block defined below.

* `linux_os_info` - (Optional) One `linux_os_info` block defined below.


---

The `windows_os_info` block supports the following:

* `windows_os_state` - (Optional) The state of the Windows OS (i.e. NonSysprepped, SysprepRequested, SysprepApplied). Defaults to `NonSysprepped`.

---

The `linux_os_info` block supports the following:

* `linux_os_state` - (Optional) The state of the Linux OS (i.e. NonDeprovisioned, DeprovisionRequested, DeprovisionApplied). Defaults to `NonDeprovisioned`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `creation_date` - The creation date of the custom image.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning status of the resource.

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
