---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_scope_assignment"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-scope-assignment"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ScopeAssignment instance.
---

# azurerm_scope_assignment

Manage Azure ScopeAssignment instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `scope` - (Required) The base resource of the scope assignment to create. The scope can be any REST resource instance. For example, use 'subscriptions/{subscription-id}' for a subscription, 'subscriptions/{subscription-id}/resourceGroups/{resource-group-name}' for a resource group, and 'subscriptions/{subscription-id}/resourceGroups/{resource-group-name}/providers/{resource-provider}/{resource-type}/{resource-name}' for a resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `scope_assignment_name` - (Required) The name of the scope assignment to create. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The geo-location where the resource lives Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `properties` - (Optional) One `property` block defined below.

---

The `property` block supports the following:

* `properties_assigned_managed_network` - (Optional) The managed network ID with scope will be assigned to.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.
