---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_identity_provider"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-identity-provider"
description: |-
  Manage Azure IdentityProvider instance.
---

# azurerm_identity_provider

Manage Azure IdentityProvider instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `client_id` - (Required) Client Id of the Application in the external Identity Provider. It is App ID for Facebook login, Client ID for Google login, App ID for Microsoft.

* `client_secret` - (Required) Client secret of the Application in external Identity Provider, used to authenticate login request. For example, it is App Secret for Facebook login, API Key for Google login, Public Key for Microsoft.

* `identity_provider_name` - (Required) Identity Provider Type identifier. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `service_name` - (Required) The name of the API Management service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `allowed_tenants` - (Optional) List of Allowed Tenants when configuring Azure Active Directory login.

* `password_reset_policy_name` - (Optional) Password Reset Policy Name. Only applies to AAD B2C Identity Provider.

* `profile_editing_policy_name` - (Optional) Profile Editing Policy Name. Only applies to AAD B2C Identity Provider.

* `signin_policy_name` - (Optional) Signin Policy Name. Only applies to AAD B2C Identity Provider.

* `signup_policy_name` - (Optional) Signup Policy Name. Only applies to AAD B2C Identity Provider.

* `type` - (Optional) Identity Provider Type identifier. Defaults to `facebook`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type for API Management resource.
