---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_vault"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-vault"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Vault instance.
---

# azurerm_vault

Manage Azure Vault instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the vault Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group to which the server belongs. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The supported Azure location where the key vault should be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `access_policies` - (Required) One or more `access_policy` block defined below.

* `sku` - (Required) One `sku` block defined below.

* `tenant_id` - (Required) The Azure Active Directory tenant ID that should be used for authenticating requests to the key vault.

---

The `access_policy` block supports the following:

* `tenant_id` - (Required) The Azure Active Directory tenant ID that should be used for authenticating requests to the key vault.

* `object_id` - (Required) The object ID of a user, service principal or security group in the Azure Active Directory tenant for the vault. The object ID must be unique for the list of access policies.

* `application_id` - (Optional) Application ID of the client making request on behalf of a principal

* `permissions` - (Required) One `permission` block defined below.


---

The `permission` block supports the following:

* `keys` - (Optional) Permissions to keys

* `secrets` - (Optional) Permissions to secrets

* `certificates` - (Optional) Permissions to certificates

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `family` - (Required) SKU family name

* `name` - (Required) SKU name to specify whether the key vault is a standard vault or a premium vault.

* `enable_soft_delete` - (Optional) Property to specify whether the 'soft delete' functionality is enabled for this key vault.

* `enabled_for_deployment` - (Optional) Property to specify whether Azure Virtual Machines are permitted to retrieve certificates stored as secrets from the key vault.

* `enabled_for_disk_encryption` - (Optional) Property to specify whether Azure Disk Encryption is permitted to retrieve secrets from the vault and unwrap keys.

* `enabled_for_template_deployment` - (Optional) Property to specify whether Azure Resource Manager is permitted to retrieve secrets from the key vault.

* `vault_uri` - (Optional) The URI of the vault for performing operations on keys and secrets.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags that will be assigned to the key vault. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The Azure Resource Manager resource ID for the key vault.

* `name` - The name of the key vault.

* `type` - The resource type of the key vault.
