---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_job"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-job"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Job instance.
---

# azurerm_job

Manage Azure Job instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the import/export job. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name uniquely identifies the resource group within the user subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Specifies the supported Azure location where the job should be created Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `backup_drive_manifest` - (Optional) Default value is false. Indicates whether the manifest files on the drives should be copied to block blobs.

* `cancel_requested` - (Optional) Indicates whether a request has been submitted to cancel the job.

* `delivery_package` - (Optional) One `delivery_package` block defined below.

* `diagnostics_path` - (Optional) The virtual blob directory to which the copy logs and backups of drive manifest files (if enabled) will be stored.

* `drive_list` - (Optional) One or more `drive_list` block defined below.

* `export` - (Optional) One `export` block defined below.

* `incomplete_blob_list_uri` - (Optional) A blob path that points to a block blob containing a list of blob names that were not exported due to insufficient drive space. If all blobs were exported successfully, then this element is not included in the response.

* `job_type` - (Optional) The type of job

* `log_level` - (Optional) Default value is Error. Indicates whether error logging or verbose logging will be enabled.

* `percent_complete` - (Optional) Overall percentage completed for the job.

* `return_address` - (Optional) One `return_address` block defined below.

* `return_package` - (Optional) One `return_package` block defined below.

* `return_shipping` - (Optional) One `return_shipping` block defined below.

* `shipping_information` - (Optional) One `shipping_information` block defined below.

* `state` - (Optional) Current state of the job.

* `storage_account_id` - (Optional) The resource identifier of the storage account where data will be imported to or exported from.

* `tags` - (Optional) Specifies the tags that will be assigned to the job. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `delivery_package` block supports the following:

* `carrier_name` - (Required) The name of the carrier that is used to ship the import or export drives.

* `tracking_number` - (Required) The tracking number of the package.

* `drive_count` - (Required) The number of drives included in the package.

* `ship_date` - (Required) The date when the package is shipped.

---

The `drive_list` block supports the following:

* `drive_id` - (Optional) The drive's hardware serial number, without spaces.

* `bit_locker_key` - (Optional) The BitLocker key used to encrypt the drive.

* `manifest_file` - (Optional) The relative path of the manifest file on the drive.

* `manifest_hash` - (Optional) The Base16-encoded MD5 hash of the manifest file on the drive.

* `drive_header_hash` - (Optional) The drive header hash value.

* `state` - (Optional) The drive's current state. Defaults to `Specified`.

* `copy_status` - (Optional) Detailed status about the data transfer process. This field is not returned in the response until the drive is in the Transferring state.

* `percent_complete` - (Optional) Percentage completed for the drive.

* `verbose_log_uri` - (Optional) A URI that points to the blob containing the verbose log for the data transfer operation.

* `error_log_uri` - (Optional) A URI that points to the blob containing the error log for the data transfer operation.

* `manifest_uri` - (Optional) A URI that points to the blob containing the drive manifest file.

* `bytes_succeeded` - (Optional) Bytes successfully transferred for the drive.

---

The `export` block supports the following:

* `blob_list` - (Optional) One `blob_list` block defined below.

* `blob_listblob_path` - (Optional) The relative URI to the block blob that contains the list of blob paths or blob path prefixes as defined above, beginning with the container name. If the blob is in root container, the URI must begin with $root.


---

The `blob_list` block supports the following:

* `blob_path` - (Optional) A collection of blob-path strings.

* `blob_path_prefix` - (Optional) A collection of blob-prefix strings.

---

The `return_address` block supports the following:

* `recipient_name` - (Required) The name of the recipient who will receive the hard drives when they are returned.

* `street_address1` - (Required) The first line of the street address to use when returning the drives.

* `street_address2` - (Optional) The second line of the street address to use when returning the drives.

* `city` - (Required) The city name to use when returning the drives.

* `state_or_province` - (Optional) The state or province to use when returning the drives.

* `postal_code` - (Required) The postal code to use when returning the drives.

* `country_or_region` - (Required) The country or region to use when returning the drives.

* `phone` - (Required) Phone number of the recipient of the returned drives.

* `email` - (Required) Email address of the recipient of the returned drives.

---

The `return_package` block supports the following:

* `carrier_name` - (Required) The name of the carrier that is used to ship the import or export drives.

* `tracking_number` - (Required) The tracking number of the package.

* `drive_count` - (Required) The number of drives included in the package.

* `ship_date` - (Required) The date when the package is shipped.

---

The `return_shipping` block supports the following:

* `carrier_name` - (Required) The carrier's name.

* `carrier_account_number` - (Required) The customer's account number with the carrier.

---

The `shipping_information` block supports the following:

* `recipient_name` - (Required) The name of the recipient who will receive the hard drives when they are returned.

* `street_address1` - (Required) The first line of the street address to use when returning the drives.

* `street_address2` - (Optional) The second line of the street address to use when returning the drives.

* `city` - (Required) The city name to use when returning the drives.

* `state_or_province` - (Required) The state or province to use when returning the drives.

* `postal_code` - (Required) The postal code to use when returning the drives.

* `country_or_region` - (Required) The country or region to use when returning the drives.

* `phone` - (Optional) Phone number of the recipient of the returned drives.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Specifies the resource identifier of the job.

* `name` - Specifies the name of the job.

* `type` - Specifies the type of the job resource.
