---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_property"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-property"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Property instance.
---

# azurerm_property

Manage Azure Property instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Unique name of Property. It may contain only letters, digits, period, dash, and underscore characters. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `prop_id` - (Required) Identifier of the property. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `service_name` - (Required) The name of the API Management service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `value` - (Required) Value of the property. Can contain policy expressions. It may not be empty or consist only of whitespace. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `secret` - (Optional) Determines whether the value is a secret and should be encrypted or not. Default value is false. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) Optional tags that when provided can be used to filter the property list. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Uniquely identifies the property within the current API Management service instance. The value is a valid relative URL in the format of /properties/{propId} where {propId} is a property identifier.
