---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_profile"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-profile"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Profile instance.
---

# azurerm_profile

Manage Azure Profile instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Traffic Manager profile. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group containing the Traffic Manager profile. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `dns_config` - (Optional) One `dns_config` block defined below.

* `endpoints` - (Optional) One or more `endpoint` block defined below.

* `monitor_config` - (Optional) One `monitor_config` block defined below.

* `profile_status` - (Optional) Gets or sets the status of the Traffic Manager profile.  Possible values are 'Enabled' and 'Disabled'.

* `traffic_routing_method` - (Optional) Gets or sets the traffic routing method of the Traffic Manager profile.  Possible values are 'Performance', 'Weighted', 'Priority' or 'Geographic'.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `dns_config` block supports the following:

* `relative_name` - (Optional) Gets or sets the relative DNS name provided by this Traffic Manager profile.  This value is combined with the DNS domain name used by Azure Traffic Manager to form the fully-qualified domain name (FQDN) of the profile.

* `fqdn` - (Optional) Gets or sets the fully-qualified domain name (FQDN) of the Traffic Manager profile.  This is formed from the concatenation of the RelativeName with the DNS domain used by Azure Traffic Manager.

* `ttl` - (Optional) Gets or sets the DNS Time-To-Live (TTL), in seconds.  This informs the local DNS resolvers and DNS clients how long to cache DNS responses provided by this Traffic Manager profile.

---

The `endpoint` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Gets or sets the ID of the Traffic Manager endpoint.

* `name` - (Optional) Gets or sets the name of the Traffic Manager endpoint.

* `type` - (Optional) Gets or sets the endpoint type of the Traffic Manager endpoint.

* `target_resource_id` - (Optional) Gets or sets the Azure Resource URI of the of the endpoint.  Not applicable to endpoints of type 'ExternalEndpoints'.

* `target` - (Optional) Gets or sets the fully-qualified DNS name of the endpoint.  Traffic Manager returns this value in DNS responses to direct traffic to this endpoint.

* `endpoint_status` - (Optional) Gets or sets the status of the endpoint..  If the endpoint is Enabled, it is probed for endpoint health and is included in the traffic routing method.  Possible values are 'Enabled' and 'Disabled'.

* `weight` - (Optional) Gets or sets the weight of this endpoint when using the 'Weighted' traffic routing method. Possible values are from 1 to 1000.

* `priority` - (Optional) Gets or sets the priority of this endpoint when using the ‘Priority’ traffic routing method. Possible values are from 1 to 1000, lower values represent higher priority. This is an optional parameter.  If specified, it must be specified on all endpoints, and no two endpoints can share the same priority value.

* `endpoint_location` - (Optional) Specifies the location of the external or nested endpoints when using the ‘Performance’ traffic routing method.

* `endpoint_monitor_status` - (Optional) Gets or sets the monitoring status of the endpoint.

* `min_child_endpoints` - (Optional) Gets or sets the minimum number of endpoints that must be available in the child profile in order for the parent profile to be considered available. Only applicable to endpoint of type 'NestedEndpoints'.

* `geo_mapping` - (Optional) Gets or sets the list of countries/regions mapped to this endpoint when using the ‘Geographic’ traffic routing method. Please consult Traffic Manager Geographic documentation for a full list of accepted values.

---

The `monitor_config` block supports the following:

* `profile_monitor_status` - (Optional) Gets or sets the profile-level monitoring status of the Traffic Manager profile.

* `protocol` - (Optional) Gets or sets the protocol (HTTP or HTTPS) used to probe for endpoint health.

* `port` - (Optional) Gets or sets the TCP port used to probe for endpoint health.

* `path` - (Optional) Gets or sets the path relative to the endpoint domain name used to probe for endpoint health.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type
