---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_express_route_circuit_peering"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-express-route-circuit-peering"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ExpressRouteCircuitPeering instance.
---

# azurerm_express_route_circuit_peering

Manage Azure ExpressRouteCircuitPeering instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the peering. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `circuit_name` - (Required) The name of the circuit. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) Gets name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `azure_asn` - (Optional) Gets or sets the azure ASN

* `etag` - (Optional) A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `microsoft_peering_config` - (Optional) One `microsoft_peering_config` block defined below.

* `peer_asn` - (Optional) Gets or sets the peer ASN

* `peering_type` - (Optional) Gets or sets PeeringType Defaults to `AzurePublicPeering`.

* `primary_azure_port` - (Optional) Gets or sets the primary port

* `primary_peer_address_prefix` - (Optional) Gets or sets the primary address prefix

* `secondary_azure_port` - (Optional) Gets or sets the secondary port

* `secondary_peer_address_prefix` - (Optional) Gets or sets the secondary address prefix

* `shared_key` - (Optional) Gets or sets the shared key

* `state` - (Optional) Gets or sets state of Peering Defaults to `Disabled`.

* `stats` - (Optional) One `stat` block defined below.

* `vlan_id` - (Optional) Gets or sets the vlan id

---

The `microsoft_peering_config` block supports the following:

* `advertised_public_prefixes` - (Optional) Gets or sets the reference of AdvertisedPublicPrefixes

* `advertised_public_prefixes_state` - (Optional) Gets or sets AdvertisedPublicPrefixState of the Peering resource Defaults to `NotConfigured`.

* `customer_asn` - (Optional) Gets or Sets CustomerAsn of the peering.

* `routing_registry_name` - (Optional) Gets or Sets RoutingRegistryName of the config.

---

The `stat` block supports the following:

* `bytes_in` - (Optional) Gets BytesIn of the peering.

* `bytes_out` - (Optional) Gets BytesOut of the peering.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:
