---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_notification_hub"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-notification-hub"
description: |-
  Manage Azure NotificationHub instance.
---

# azurerm_notification_hub

Manage Azure NotificationHub instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The notification hub name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Gets or sets NotificationHub data center location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `namespace_name` - (Required) The namespace name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) The NotificationHub name.

* `adm_credential` - (Optional) One `adm_credential` block defined below.

* `apns_credential` - (Optional) One `apns_credential` block defined below.

* `authorization_rules` - (Optional) One or more `authorization_rule` block defined below.

* `baidu_credential` - (Optional) One `baidu_credential` block defined below.

* `gcm_credential` - (Optional) One `gcm_credential` block defined below.

* `mpns_credential` - (Optional) One `mpns_credential` block defined below.

* `registration_ttl` - (Optional) The RegistrationTtl of the created NotificationHub

* `wns_credential` - (Optional) One `wns_credential` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Gets or sets NotificationHub tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `adm_credential` block supports the following:

* `client_id` - (Optional) Gets or sets the client identifier.

* `client_secret` - (Optional) Gets or sets the credential secret access key.

* `auth_token_url` - (Optional) Gets or sets the URL of the authorization token.

---

The `apns_credential` block supports the following:

* `apns_certificate` - (Optional) Gets or sets the APNS certificate.

* `certificate_key` - (Optional) Gets or sets the certificate key.

* `endpoint` - (Optional) Gets or sets the endpoint of this credential.

* `thumbprint` - (Optional) Gets or sets the Apns certificate Thumbprint

---

The `authorization_rule` block supports the following:

* `primary_key` - (Optional) The primary key that was used.

* `secondary_key` - (Optional) The secondary key that was used.

* `key_name` - (Optional) The name of the key that was used.

* `claim_type` - (Optional) The type of the claim.

* `claim_value` - (Optional) The value of the claim.

* `rights` - (Optional) The rights associated with the rule.

* `created_time` - (Optional) The time at which the authorization rule was created.

* `modified_time` - (Optional) The most recent time the rule was updated.

* `revision` - (Optional) The revision number for the rule.

---

The `baidu_credential` block supports the following:

* `baidu_api_key` - (Optional) Get or Set Baidu Api Key.

* `baidu_end_point` - (Optional) Get or Set Baidu Endpoint.

* `baidu_secret_key` - (Optional) Get or Set Baidu Secret Key

---

The `gcm_credential` block supports the following:

* `gcm_endpoint` - (Optional) Gets or sets the GCM endpoint.

* `google_api_key` - (Optional) Gets or sets the Google API key.

---

The `mpns_credential` block supports the following:

* `mpns_certificate` - (Optional) Gets or sets the MPNS certificate.

* `certificate_key` - (Optional) Gets or sets the certificate key for this credential.

* `thumbprint` - (Optional) Gets or sets the Mpns certificate Thumbprint

---

The `wns_credential` block supports the following:

* `package_sid` - (Optional) Gets or sets the package ID for this credential.

* `secret_key` - (Optional) Gets or sets the secret key.

* `windows_live_endpoint` - (Optional) Gets or sets the Windows Live endpoint.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Gets or sets the id of the created NotificationHub.

* `name` - Gets or sets name of the NotificationHub.

* `type` - Gets or sets resource type of the NotificationHub.
