---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_event_hub_connection"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-event-hub-connection"
description: |-
  Manage Azure EventHubConnection instance.
---

# azurerm_event_hub_connection

Manage Azure EventHubConnection instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the event hub connection. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group containing the Kusto cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `cluster_name` - (Required) The name of the Kusto cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `consumer_group` - (Required) The event hub consumer group.

* `database_name` - (Required) The name of the database in the Kusto cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `event_hub_resource_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the event hub to be used to create a data connection.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `data_format` - (Optional) The data format of the message. Optionally the data format can be added to each message. Defaults to `MULTIJSON`.

* `eventhub_connection_name` - (Optional) The name of the event hub connection. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `mapping_rule_name` - (Optional) The mapping rule to be used to ingest the data. Optionally the mapping information can be added to each message.

* `table_name` - (Optional) The table where the data should be ingested. Optionally the table information can be added to each message.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.
