---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_product"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-product"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Product instance.
---

# azurerm_product

Manage Azure Product instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `display_name` - (Required) Product name.

* `product_id` - (Required) Product identifier. Must be unique in the current API Management service instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `service_name` - (Required) The name of the API Management service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `approval_required` - (Optional) whether subscription approval is required. If false, new subscriptions will be approved automatically enabling developers to call the product’s APIs immediately after subscribing. If true, administrators must manually approve the subscription before the developer can any of the product’s APIs. Can be present only if subscriptionRequired property is present and has a value of false.

* `description` - (Optional) Product description. May include HTML formatting tags.

* `state` - (Optional) whether product is published or not. Published products are discoverable by users of developer portal. Non published products are visible only to administrators. Default state of Product is notPublished. Defaults to `notPublished`.

* `subscription_required` - (Optional) Whether a product subscription is required for accessing APIs included in this product. If true, the product is referred to as "protected" and a valid subscription key is required for a request to an API included in the product to succeed. If false, the product is referred to as "open" and requests to an API included in the product can be made without a subscription key. If property is omitted when creating a new product it's value is assumed to be true.

* `subscriptions_limit` - (Optional) Whether the number of subscriptions a user can have to this product at the same time. Set to null or omit to allow unlimited per user subscriptions. Can be present only if subscriptionRequired property is present and has a value of false.

* `terms` - (Optional) Product terms of use. Developers trying to subscribe to the product will be presented and required to accept these terms before they can complete the subscription process.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type for API Management resource.
