---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_logger"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-logger"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Logger instance.
---

# azurerm_logger

Manage Azure Logger instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the API Management service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `credentials` - (Required) The name and SendRule connection string of the event hub for azureEventHub logger.<br>Instrumentation key for applicationInsights logger.

* `logger_type` - (Required) Logger type.

* `loggerid` - (Required) Logger identifier. Must be unique in the API Management service instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `description` - (Optional) Logger description.

* `is_buffered` - (Optional) Whether records are buffered in the logger before publishing. Default is assumed to be true.

* `sampling` - (Optional) One `sampling` block defined below.

---

The `sampling` block supports the following:

* `sampling_type` - (Optional) Sampling type. Defaults to `fixed`.

* `percentage` - (Optional) Rate of sampling for fixed-rate sampling.

* `max_telemetry_items_per_second` - (Optional) Target rate of telemetry items per second.

* `evaluation_interval` - (Optional) Rate re-evaluation interval in ISO8601 format.

* `percentage_decrease_timeout` - (Optional) Duration in ISO8601 format after which it's allowed to lower the sampling rate.

* `percentage_increase_timeout` - (Optional) Duration in ISO8601 format after which it's allowed to increase the sampling rate.

* `min_percentage` - (Optional) Minimum allowed rate of sampling.

* `max_percentage` - (Optional) Maximum allowed rate of sampling.

* `moving_average_ratio` - (Optional) Moving average ration assigned to most recent value.

* `initial_percentage` - (Optional) Initial sampling rate.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type for API Management resource.
