---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_api"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-api"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Api instance.
---

# azurerm_api

Manage Azure Api instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the API Management service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Required) API name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `api_id` - (Required) API identifier. Must be unique in the current API Management service instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `path` - (Required) Relative URL uniquely identifying this API and all of its resource paths within the API Management service instance. It is appended to the API endpoint base URL specified during the service instance creation to form a public URL for this API. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `protocols` - (Required) Describes on which protocols the operations in this API can be invoked. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `service_url` - (Required) Absolute URL of the backend service implementing this API. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `authentication_settings` - (Optional) One `authentication_setting` block defined below.

* `description` - (Optional) Description of the API. May include HTML formatting tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `subscription_key_parameter_names` - (Optional) One `subscription_key_parameter_name` block defined below.

* `type` - (Optional) Type of API. Defaults to `Http`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `authentication_setting` block supports the following:

* `o_auth2` - (Optional) One `o_auth2` block defined below.


---

The `o_auth2` block supports the following:

* `authorization_server_id` - (Optional) OAuth authorization server identifier.

* `scope` - (Optional) operations scope.

---

The `subscription_key_parameter_name` block supports the following:

* `header` - (Optional) Subscription key header name.

* `query` - (Optional) Subscription key query string parameter name.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - API identifier path: /apis/{apiId}
