---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_software_update_configuration"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-software-update-configuration"
description: |-
  Manage Azure SoftwareUpdateConfiguration instance.
---

# azurerm_software_update_configuration

Manage Azure SoftwareUpdateConfiguration instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the software update configuration to be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of an Azure Resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `automation_account_name` - (Required) The name of the automation account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `schedule_info` - (Required) One `schedule_info` block defined below.

* `update_configuration` - (Required) One `update_configuration` block defined below.

---

The `schedule_info` block supports the following:

* `start_time` - (Optional) Gets or sets the start time of the schedule.

* `expiry_time` - (Optional) Gets or sets the end time of the schedule.

* `expiry_time_offset_minutes` - (Optional) Gets or sets the expiry time's offset in minutes.

* `is_enabled` - (Optional) Gets or sets a value indicating whether this schedule is enabled.

* `next_run` - (Optional) Gets or sets the next run time of the schedule.

* `next_run_offset_minutes` - (Optional) Gets or sets the next run time's offset in minutes.

* `interval` - (Optional) Gets or sets the interval of the schedule.

* `frequency` - (Optional) Gets or sets the frequency of the schedule. Defaults to `OneTime`.

* `time_zone` - (Optional) Gets or sets the time zone of the schedule.

* `advanced_schedule` - (Optional) One `advanced_schedule` block defined below.

* `creation_time` - (Optional) Gets or sets the creation time.

* `last_modified_time` - (Optional) Gets or sets the last modified time.

* `description` - (Optional) Gets or sets the description.


---

The `advanced_schedule` block supports the following:

* `week_days` - (Optional) Days of the week that the job should execute on.

* `month_days` - (Optional) Days of the month that the job should execute on. Must be between 1 and 31.

* `monthly_occurrences` - (Optional) One or more `monthly_occurrence` block defined below.


---

The `monthly_occurrence` block supports the following:

* `occurrence` - (Optional) Occurrence of the week within the month. Must be between 1 and 5

* `day` - (Optional) Day of the occurrence. Must be one of monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday, saturday, sunday. Defaults to `Monday`.

---

The `update_configuration` block supports the following:

* `operating_system` - (Required) operating system of target machines

* `windows` - (Optional) One `window` block defined below.

* `linux` - (Optional) One `linux` block defined below.

* `duration` - (Optional) Maximum time allowed for the software update configuration run. Duration needs to be specified using the format PT[n]H[n]M[n]S as per ISO8601

* `azure_virtual_machines` - (Optional) List of azure resource Ids for azure virtual machines targeted by the software update configuration.

* `non_azure_computer_names` - (Optional) List of names of non-azure machines targeted by the software update configuration.

* `targets` - (Optional) One `target` block defined below.


---

The `window` block supports the following:

* `included_update_classifications` - (Optional) Update classification included in the software update configuration. A comma separated string with required values Defaults to `Unclassified`.

* `excluded_kb_numbers` - (Optional) KB numbers excluded from the software update configuration.

* `included_kb_numbers` - (Optional) KB numbers included from the software update configuration.

* `reboot_setting` - (Optional) Reboot setting for the software update configuration.

---

The `linux` block supports the following:

* `included_package_classifications` - (Optional) Update classifications included in the software update configuration. Defaults to `Unclassified`.

* `excluded_package_name_masks` - (Optional) packages excluded from the software update configuration.

* `included_package_name_masks` - (Optional) packages included from the software update configuration.

* `reboot_setting` - (Optional) Reboot setting for the software update configuration.

---

The `target` block supports the following:

* `azure_queries` - (Optional) One or more `azure_query` block defined below.

* `non_azure_queries` - (Optional) One or more `non_azure_query` block defined below.


---

The `azure_query` block supports the following:

* `scope` - (Optional) List of Subscription or Resource Group ARM Ids.

* `locations` - (Optional) List of locations to scope the query to.

* `tag_settings` - (Optional) One `tag_setting` block defined below.


---

The `tag_setting` block supports the following:

* `tags` - (Optional) Dictionary of tags with its list of values.

* `filter_operator` - (Optional) Filter VMs by Any or All specified tags. Defaults to `All`.

---

The `non_azure_query` block supports the following:

* `function_alias` - (Optional) Log Analytics Saved Search name.

* `workspace_id` - (Optional) Workspace Id for Log Analytics in which the saved Search is resided.

* `client_request_id` - (Optional) Identifies this specific client request. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `error` - (Optional) One `error` block defined below.

* `tasks` - (Optional) One `task` block defined below.

---

The `error` block supports the following:

* `code` - (Optional) Error code

* `message` - (Optional) Error message indicating why the operation failed.

---

The `task` block supports the following:

* `pre_task` - (Optional) One `pre_task` block defined below.

* `post_task` - (Optional) One `post_task` block defined below.


---

The `pre_task` block supports the following:

* `parameters` - (Optional) Gets or sets the parameters of the task.

* `source` - (Optional) Gets or sets the name of the runbook.

---

The `post_task` block supports the following:

* `parameters` - (Optional) Gets or sets the parameters of the task.

* `source` - (Optional) Gets or sets the name of the runbook.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `name` - Resource name.

* `id` - Resource Id.

* `type` - Resource type
