---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_virtual_network_link"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-virtual-network-link"
description: |-
  Manage Azure VirtualNetworkLink instance.
---

# azurerm_virtual_network_link

Manage Azure VirtualNetworkLink instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the virtual network link. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `private_zone_name` - (Required) The name of the Private DNS zone (without a terminating dot). Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The Azure Region where the resource lives Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `etag` - (Optional) The ETag of the virtual network link. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `registration_enabled` - (Optional) Is auto-registration of virtual machine records in the virtual network in the Private DNS zone enabled?

* `virtual_network` - (Optional) One `virtual_network` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `virtual_network` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `virtual_network_link_state` - The status of the virtual network link to the Private DNS zone. Possible values are 'InProgress' and 'Done'. This is a read-only property and any attempt to set this value will be ignored.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the resource. This is a read-only property and any attempt to set this value will be ignored.

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource. Example - '/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Network/privateDnsZones/{privateDnsZoneName}'.

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Example - 'Microsoft.Network/privateDnsZones'.
