---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_managed_database"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-managed-database"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ManagedDatabase instance.
---

# azurerm_managed_database

Manage Azure ManagedDatabase instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `database_name` - (Required) The name of the database. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `managed_instance_name` - (Required) The name of the managed instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `catalog_collation` - (Optional) Collation of the metadata catalog. Defaults to `DATABASE_DEFAULT`.

* `collation` - (Optional) Collation of the managed database.

* `create_mode` - (Optional) Managed database create mode. PointInTimeRestore: Create a database by restoring a point in time backup of an existing database. SourceDatabaseName, SourceManagedInstanceName and PointInTime must be specified. RestoreExternalBackup: Create a database by restoring from external backup files. Collation, StorageContainerUri and StorageContainerSasToken must be specified. Recovery: Creates a database by restoring a geo-replicated backup. RecoverableDatabaseId must be specified as the recoverable database resource ID to restore. Defaults to `Default`.

* `recoverable_database_id` - (Optional) The resource identifier of the recoverable database associated with create operation of this database.

* `restorable_dropped_database_id` - (Optional) The restorable dropped database resource id to restore when creating this database.

* `restore_point_in_time` - (Optional) Conditional. If createMode is PointInTimeRestore, this value is required. Specifies the point in time (ISO8601 format) of the source database that will be restored to create the new database.

* `source_database_id` - (Optional) The resource identifier of the source database associated with create operation of this database.

* `storage_container_sas_token` - (Optional) Conditional. If createMode is RestoreExternalBackup, this value is required. Specifies the storage container sas token.

* `storage_container_uri` - (Optional) Conditional. If createMode is RestoreExternalBackup, this value is required. Specifies the uri of the storage container where backups for this restore are stored.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `status` - Status of the database.

* `creation_date` - Creation date of the database.

* `earliest_restore_point` - Earliest restore point in time for point in time restore.

* `default_secondary_location` - Geo paired region.

* `failover_group_id` - Instance Failover Group resource identifier that this managed database belongs to.

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
