---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_ddos_custom_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-ddos-custom-policy"
description: |-
  Manage Azure DdosCustomPolicy instance.
---

# azurerm_ddos_custom_policy

Manage Azure DdosCustomPolicy instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the DDoS custom policy. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `protocol_custom_settings` - (Optional) One or more `protocol_custom_setting` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `protocol_custom_setting` block supports the following:

* `protocol` - (Optional) The protocol for which the DDoS protection policy is being customized. Defaults to `Tcp`.

* `trigger_rate_override` - (Optional) The customized DDoS protection trigger rate.

* `source_rate_override` - (Optional) The customized DDoS protection source rate.

* `trigger_sensitivity_override` - (Optional) The customized DDoS protection trigger rate sensitivity degrees. High: Trigger rate set with most sensitivity w.r.t. normal traffic. Default: Trigger rate set with moderate sensitivity w.r.t. normal traffic. Low: Trigger rate set with less sensitivity w.r.t. normal traffic. Relaxed: Trigger rate set with least sensitivity w.r.t. normal traffic. Defaults to `Relaxed`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `resource_guid` - The resource GUID property of the DDoS custom policy resource. It uniquely identifies the resource, even if the user changes its name or migrate the resource across subscriptions or resource groups.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the DDoS custom policy resource. Possible values are: 'Succeeded', 'Updating', 'Deleting', and 'Failed'.

* `public_ip_addresses` - One or more `public_ip_address` block defined below.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.

* `etag` - A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated.


---

The `public_ip_address` block contains the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.
