---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_api_schema"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-api-schema"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ApiSchema instance.
---

# azurerm_api_schema

Manage Azure ApiSchema instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the API Management service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `api_id` - (Required) API revision identifier. Must be unique in the current API Management service instance. Non-current revision has ;rev=n as a suffix where n is the revision number. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `content_type` - (Required) Must be a valid a media type used in a Content-Type header as defined in the RFC 2616. Media type of the schema document (e.g. application/json, application/xml). </br> - `Swagger` Schema use `application/vnd.ms-azure-apim.swagger.definitions+json` </br> - `WSDL` Schema use `application/vnd.ms-azure-apim.xsd+xml` </br> - `OpenApi` Schema use `application/vnd.oai.openapi.components+json` </br> - `WADL Schema` use `application/vnd.ms-azure-apim.wadl.grammars+xml`.

* `schema_id` - (Required) Schema identifier within an API. Must be unique in the current API Management service instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `document` - (Optional) One `document` block defined below.

---

The `document` block supports the following:

* `value` - (Optional) Json escaped string defining the document representing the Schema.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type for API Management resource.
