---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_vpn_connection"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-vpn-connection"
description: |-
  Manage Azure VpnConnection instance.
---

# azurerm_vpn_connection

Manage Azure VpnConnection instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the connection. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name of the VpnGateway. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `gateway_name` - (Required) The name of the gateway. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `connection_status` - (Optional) The connection status. Defaults to `Unknown`.

* `enable_bgp` - (Optional) EnableBgp flag

* `ipsec_policies` - (Optional) One or more `ipsec_policy` block defined below.

* `remote_vpn_site` - (Optional) One `remote_vpn_site` block defined below.

* `routing_weight` - (Optional) routing weight for vpn connection.

* `shared_key` - (Optional) SharedKey for the vpn connection.

---

The `ipsec_policy` block supports the following:

* `sa_life_time_seconds` - (Required) The IPSec Security Association (also called Quick Mode or Phase 2 SA) lifetime in seconds for a site to site VPN tunnel.

* `sa_data_size_kilobytes` - (Required) The IPSec Security Association (also called Quick Mode or Phase 2 SA) payload size in KB for a site to site VPN tunnel.

* `ipsec_encryption` - (Required) The IPSec encryption algorithm (IKE phase 1).

* `ipsec_integrity` - (Required) The IPSec integrity algorithm (IKE phase 1).

* `ike_encryption` - (Required) The IKE encryption algorithm (IKE phase 2).

* `ike_integrity` - (Required) The IKE integrity algorithm (IKE phase 2).

* `dh_group` - (Required) The DH Groups used in IKE Phase 1 for initial SA.

* `pfs_group` - (Required) The Pfs Groups used in IKE Phase 2 for new child SA.

---

The `remote_vpn_site` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `ingress_bytes_transferred` - Ingress bytes transferred.

* `egress_bytes_transferred` - Egress bytes transferred.

* `connection_bandwidth_in_mbps` - Expected bandwidth in MBPS.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the resource.

* `etag` - Gets a unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated.
