---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_server_endpoint"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-server-endpoint"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ServerEndpoint instance.
---

# azurerm_server_endpoint

Manage Azure ServerEndpoint instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of Server Endpoint object. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group within the user's subscription. The name is case insensitive. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `storage_sync_service_name` - (Required) Name of Storage Sync Service resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sync_group_name` - (Required) Name of Sync Group resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `byte_progress` - (Optional) Bytes in progress

* `byte_total` - (Optional) Bytes total

* `cloud_tiering` - (Optional) Cloud Tiering. Defaults to `on`.

* `current_progress_type` - (Optional) current progress type. Defaults to `none`.

* `friendly_name` - (Optional) Friendly Name

* `item_download_error_count` - (Optional) Item download error count.

* `item_progress_count` - (Optional) Item Progress Count

* `item_total_count` - (Optional) Item Total Count

* `item_upload_error_count` - (Optional) Item Upload Error Count.

* `last_sync_success` - (Optional) Last Sync Success

* `last_workflow_id` - (Optional) ServerEndpoint lastWorkflowId

* `server_local_path` - (Optional) Server Local path.

* `server_resource_id` - (Optional) Server Resource Id.

* `sync_error_context` - (Optional) sync error context.

* `sync_error_direction` - (Optional) Sync Error Direction. Defaults to `none`.

* `sync_error_state` - (Optional) Sync Error State

* `sync_error_state_timestamp` - (Optional) Sync Error State Timestamp

* `total_progress` - (Optional) Total progress

* `volume_free_space_percent` - (Optional) Level of free space to be maintained by Cloud Tiering if it is enabled.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - ServerEndpoint Provisioning State

* `id` - The id of the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource
