---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_project"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-project"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Project instance.
---

# azurerm_project

Manage Azure Project instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group to which the machine learning team account belongs. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The location of the resource. This cannot be changed after the resource is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `account_name` - (Required) The name of the machine learning team account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `friendly_name` - (Required) The friendly name for this project.

* `project_name` - (Required) The name of the machine learning project under a team account workspace. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `workspace_name` - (Required) The name of the machine learning team account workspace. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `description` - (Optional) The description of this project.

* `gitrepo` - (Optional) The reference to git repo for this project.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `account_id` - The immutable id of the team account which contains this project.

* `workspace_id` - The immutable id of the workspace which contains this project.

* `project_id` - The immutable id of this project.

* `creation_date` - The creation date of the project in ISO8601 format.

* `provisioning_state` - The current deployment state of project resource. The provisioningState is to indicate states for resource provisioning.

* `id` - The resource ID.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
