---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_formula"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-formula"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Formula instance.
---

# azurerm_formula

Manage Azure Formula instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the formula. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `lab_name` - (Required) The name of the lab. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `author` - (Optional) The author of the formula.

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the formula.

* `formula_content` - (Optional) One `formula_content` block defined below.

* `os_type` - (Optional) The OS type of the formula.

* `vm` - (Optional) One `vm` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `formula_content` block supports the following:

* `bulk_creation_parameters` - (Optional) One `bulk_creation_parameter` block defined below.

* `notes` - (Optional) The notes of the virtual machine.

* `owner_object_id` - (Optional) The object identifier of the owner of the virtual machine.

* `owner_user_principal_name` - (Optional) The user principal name of the virtual machine owner.

* `created_by_user_id` - (Optional) The object identifier of the creator of the virtual machine.

* `created_by_user` - (Optional) The email address of creator of the virtual machine.

* `created_date` - (Optional) The creation date of the virtual machine.

* `compute_id` - (Optional) The resource identifier (Microsoft.Compute) of the virtual machine.

* `custom_image_id` - (Optional) The custom image identifier of the virtual machine.

* `os_type` - (Optional) The OS type of the virtual machine.

* `size` - (Optional) The size of the virtual machine.

* `user_name` - (Optional) The user name of the virtual machine.

* `password` - (Optional) The password of the virtual machine administrator.

* `ssh_key` - (Optional) The SSH key of the virtual machine administrator.

* `is_authentication_with_ssh_key` - (Optional) Indicates whether this virtual machine uses an SSH key for authentication.

* `fqdn` - (Optional) The fully-qualified domain name of the virtual machine.

* `lab_subnet_name` - (Optional) The lab subnet name of the virtual machine.

* `lab_virtual_network_id` - (Optional) The lab virtual network identifier of the virtual machine.

* `disallow_public_ip_address` - (Optional) Indicates whether the virtual machine is to be created without a public IP address.

* `artifacts` - (Optional) One or more `artifact` block defined below.

* `artifact_deployment_status` - (Optional) One `artifact_deployment_status` block defined below.

* `gallery_image_reference` - (Optional) One `gallery_image_reference` block defined below.

* `plan_id` - (Optional) The id of the plan associated with the virtual machine image

* `network_interface` - (Optional) One `network_interface` block defined below.

* `expiration_date` - (Optional) The expiration date for VM.

* `allow_claim` - (Optional) Indicates whether another user can take ownership of the virtual machine

* `storage_type` - (Optional) Storage type to use for virtual machine (i.e. Standard, Premium).

* `virtual_machine_creation_source` - (Optional) Tells source of creation of lab virtual machine. Output property only. Defaults to `FromCustomImage`.

* `environment_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the environment that contains this virtual machine, if any.

* `data_disk_parameters` - (Optional) One or more `data_disk_parameter` block defined below.

* `schedule_parameters` - (Optional) One or more `schedule_parameter` block defined below.

* `last_known_power_state` - (Optional) Last known compute power state captured in DTL

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the virtual machine or environment

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the new virtual machine or environment Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource.


---

The `bulk_creation_parameter` block supports the following:

* `instance_count` - (Optional) The number of virtual machine instances to create.

---

The `artifact` block supports the following:

* `artifact_id` - (Optional) The artifact's identifier.

* `artifact_title` - (Optional) The artifact's title.

* `status` - (Optional) The status of the artifact.

* `deployment_status_message` - (Optional) The status message from the deployment.

* `vm_extension_status_message` - (Optional) The status message from the virtual machine extension.

* `install_time` - (Optional) The time that the artifact starts to install on the virtual machine.

---

The `artifact_deployment_status` block supports the following:

* `deployment_status` - (Optional) The deployment status of the artifact.

* `artifacts_applied` - (Optional) The total count of the artifacts that were successfully applied.

* `total_artifacts` - (Optional) The total count of the artifacts that were tentatively applied.

---

The `gallery_image_reference` block supports the following:

* `offer` - (Optional) The offer of the gallery image.

* `publisher` - (Optional) The publisher of the gallery image.

* `sku` - (Optional) The SKU of the gallery image.

* `os_type` - (Optional) The OS type of the gallery image.

* `version` - (Optional) The version of the gallery image.

---

The `network_interface` block supports the following:

* `virtual_network_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the virtual network.

* `subnet_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the sub net.

* `public_ip_address_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the public IP address.

* `public_ip_address` - (Optional) The public IP address.

* `private_ip_address` - (Optional) The private IP address.

* `dns_name` - (Optional) The DNS name.

* `rdp_authority` - (Optional) The RdpAuthority property is a server DNS host name or IP address followed by the service port number for RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol).

* `ssh_authority` - (Optional) The SshAuthority property is a server DNS host name or IP address followed by the service port number for SSH.

---

The `data_disk_parameter` block supports the following:

* `existing_lab_disk_id` - (Optional) Specifies the existing lab disk id to attach to virtual machine.

* `host_caching` - (Optional) Caching option for a data disk (i.e. None, ReadOnly, ReadWrite). Defaults to `None`.

---

The `schedule_parameter` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the virtual machine or environment

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the new virtual machine or environment Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource.

---

The `vm` block supports the following:

* `lab_vm_id` - (Optional) The identifier of the VM from which a formula is to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `creation_date` - The creation date of the formula.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning status of the resource.

* `unique_identifier` - The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
