---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_express_route_circuit"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-express-route-circuit"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ExpressRouteCircuit instance.
---

# azurerm_express_route_circuit

Manage Azure ExpressRouteCircuit instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `circuit_name` - (Required) The name of the circuit. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `allow_classic_operations` - (Optional) allow classic operations

* `authorizations` - (Optional) One or more `authorization` block defined below.

* `circuit_provisioning_state` - (Optional) Gets or sets CircuitProvisioningState state of the resource

* `etag` - (Optional) Gets a unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `gateway_manager_etag` - (Optional) Gets or sets the GatewayManager Etag

* `peerings` - (Optional) One or more `peering` block defined below.

* `service_key` - (Optional) Gets or sets ServiceKey

* `service_provider_notes` - (Optional) Gets or sets ServiceProviderNotes

* `service_provider_properties` - (Optional) One `service_provider_property` block defined below.

* `service_provider_provisioning_state` - (Optional) Gets or sets ServiceProviderProvisioningState state of the resource Defaults to `NotProvisioned`.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `authorization` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

* `authorization_key` - (Optional) Gets or sets the authorization key

* `authorization_use_status` - (Optional) Gets or sets AuthorizationUseStatus Defaults to `Available`.

* `name` - (Optional) Gets name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource

* `etag` - (Optional) A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated

---

The `peering` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

* `peering_type` - (Optional) Gets or sets PeeringType Defaults to `AzurePublicPeering`.

* `state` - (Optional) Gets or sets state of Peering Defaults to `Disabled`.

* `azure_asn` - (Optional) Gets or sets the azure ASN

* `peer_asn` - (Optional) Gets or sets the peer ASN

* `primary_peer_address_prefix` - (Optional) Gets or sets the primary address prefix

* `secondary_peer_address_prefix` - (Optional) Gets or sets the secondary address prefix

* `primary_azure_port` - (Optional) Gets or sets the primary port

* `secondary_azure_port` - (Optional) Gets or sets the secondary port

* `shared_key` - (Optional) Gets or sets the shared key

* `vlan_id` - (Optional) Gets or sets the vlan id

* `microsoft_peering_config` - (Optional) One `microsoft_peering_config` block defined below.

* `stats` - (Optional) One `stat` block defined below.

* `gateway_manager_etag` - (Optional) Gets or sets the GatewayManager Etag

* `last_modified_by` - (Optional) Gets whether the provider or the customer last modified the peering

* `name` - (Optional) Gets name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource

* `etag` - (Optional) A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated


---

The `microsoft_peering_config` block supports the following:

* `advertised_public_prefixes` - (Optional) Gets or sets the reference of AdvertisedPublicPrefixes

* `advertised_public_prefixes_state` - (Optional) Gets or sets AdvertisedPublicPrefixState of the Peering resource Defaults to `NotConfigured`.

* `customer_asn` - (Optional) Gets or Sets CustomerAsn of the peering.

* `routing_registry_name` - (Optional) Gets or Sets RoutingRegistryName of the config.

---

The `stat` block supports the following:

* `primarybytes_in` - (Optional) Gets BytesIn of the peering.

* `primarybytes_out` - (Optional) Gets BytesOut of the peering.

* `secondarybytes_in` - (Optional) Gets BytesIn of the peering.

* `secondarybytes_out` - (Optional) Gets BytesOut of the peering.

---

The `service_provider_property` block supports the following:

* `service_provider_name` - (Optional) Gets or sets serviceProviderName.

* `peering_location` - (Optional) Gets or sets peering location.

* `bandwidth_in_mbps` - (Optional) Gets or sets BandwidthInMbps.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Gets or sets name of the sku.

* `tier` - (Optional) Gets or sets tier of the sku. Defaults to `Standard`.

* `family` - (Optional) Gets or sets family of the sku. Defaults to `UnlimitedData`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - Gets provisioning state of the PublicIP resource Updating/Deleting/Failed

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type
