---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_blockchain_member"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-blockchain-member"
description: |-
  Manage Azure BlockchainMember instance.
---

# azurerm_blockchain_member

Manage Azure BlockchainMember instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Blockchain member name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The GEO location of the blockchain service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `consortium_management_account_password` - (Optional) Sets the managed consortium management account password.

* `firewall_rules` - (Optional) One or more `firewall_rule` block defined below.

* `key_name` - (Optional) Gets or sets the API key name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `password` - (Optional) Sets the transaction node dns endpoint basic auth password.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `value` - (Optional) Gets or sets the API key value. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) Tags of the service which is a list of key value pairs that describes the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `firewall_rule` block supports the following:

* `rule_name` - (Optional) Gets or sets the name of the firewall rules.

* `start_ip_address` - (Optional) Gets or sets the start IP address of the firewall rule range.

* `end_ip_address` - (Optional) Gets or sets the end IP address of the firewall rule range.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Gets or sets Sku name

* `tier` - (Optional) Gets or sets Sku tier

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `protocol` - Gets or sets the blockchain protocol.

* `validator_nodes_sku` - One `validator_nodes_sku` block defined below.

* `provisioning_state` - Gets or sets the blockchain member provision state.

* `dns` - Gets the dns endpoint of the blockchain member.

* `user_name` - Gets the auth user name of the blockchain member.

* `consortium` - Gets or sets the consortium for the blockchain member.

* `consortium_management_account_address` - Gets the managed consortium management account address.

* `consortium_role` - Gets the role of the member in the consortium.

* `consortium_member_display_name` - Gets the display name of the member in the consortium.

* `root_contract_address` - Gets the Ethereum root contract address of the blockchain.

* `public_key` - Gets the public key of the blockchain member (default transaction node).

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id of the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the service - e.g. "Microsoft.Blockchain"


---

The `validator_nodes_sku` block contains the following:

* `capacity` - Gets or sets the nodes capacity.
