---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_attached_database_configuration"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-attached-database-configuration"
description: |-
  Manage Azure AttachedDatabaseConfiguration instance.
---

# azurerm_attached_database_configuration

Manage Azure AttachedDatabaseConfiguration instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group containing the Kusto cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `attached_database_configuration_name` - (Required) The name of the attached database configuration. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `cluster_name` - (Required) The name of the Kusto cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `cluster_resource_id` - (Required) The resource id of the cluster where the databases you would like to attach reside.

* `database_name` - (Required) The name of the database which you would like to attach, use * if you want to follow all current and future databases.

* `default_principals_modification_kind` - (Required) The default principals modification kind

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioned state of the resource.

* `attached_database_names` - The list of databases from the clusterResourceId which are currently attached to the cluster.

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.
