---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_api"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-api"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Api instance.
---

# azurerm_api

Manage Azure Api instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `api_id` - (Required) API revision identifier. Must be unique in the current API Management service instance. Non-current revision has ;rev=n as a suffix where n is the revision number. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `path` - (Required) Relative URL uniquely identifying this API and all of its resource paths within the API Management service instance. It is appended to the API endpoint base URL specified during the service instance creation to form a public URL for this API.

* `service_name` - (Required) The name of the API Management service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `api_revision` - (Optional) Describes the Revision of the Api. If no value is provided, default revision 1 is created

* `api_revision_description` - (Optional) Description of the Api Revision.

* `api_type` - (Optional) Type of Api to create. <br> * `http` creates a SOAP to REST API <br> * `soap` creates a SOAP pass-through API . Defaults to `SoapToRest`.

* `api_version` - (Optional) Indicates the Version identifier of the API if the API is versioned

* `api_version_description` - (Optional) Description of the Api Version.

* `api_version_set` - (Optional) One `api_version_set` block defined below.

* `api_version_set_id` - (Optional) A resource identifier for the related ApiVersionSet.

* `authentication_settings` - (Optional) One `authentication_setting` block defined below.

* `content_format` - (Optional) Format of the Content in which the API is getting imported. Defaults to `wadl-xml`.

* `content_value` - (Optional) Content value when Importing an API.

* `description` - (Optional) Description of the API. May include HTML formatting tags.

* `display_name` - (Optional) API name.

* `protocols` - (Optional) Describes on which protocols the operations in this API can be invoked.

* `service_url` - (Optional) Absolute URL of the backend service implementing this API.

* `subscription_key_parameter_names` - (Optional) One `subscription_key_parameter_name` block defined below.

* `type` - (Optional) Type of API. Defaults to `http`.

* `wsdl_selector` - (Optional) One `wsdl_selector` block defined below.

---

The `api_version_set` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Identifier for existing API Version Set. Omit this value to create a new Version Set.

* `description` - (Optional) Description of API Version Set.

* `versioning_scheme` - (Optional) An value that determines where the API Version identifer will be located in a HTTP request. Defaults to `Segment`.

* `version_query_name` - (Optional) Name of query parameter that indicates the API Version if versioningScheme is set to `query`.

* `version_header_name` - (Optional) Name of HTTP header parameter that indicates the API Version if versioningScheme is set to `header`.

---

The `authentication_setting` block supports the following:

* `o_auth2` - (Optional) One `o_auth2` block defined below.

* `openid` - (Optional) One `openid` block defined below.

* `subscription_key_required` - (Optional) Specifies whether subscription key is required during call to this API, true - API is included into closed products only, false - API is included into open products alone, null - there is a mix of products.


---

The `o_auth2` block supports the following:

* `authorization_server_id` - (Optional) OAuth authorization server identifier.

* `scope` - (Optional) operations scope.

---

The `openid` block supports the following:

* `openid_provider_id` - (Optional) OAuth authorization server identifier.

* `bearer_token_sending_methods` - (Optional) How to send token to the server.

---

The `subscription_key_parameter_name` block supports the following:

* `header` - (Optional) Subscription key header name.

* `query` - (Optional) Subscription key query string parameter name.

---

The `wsdl_selector` block supports the following:

* `wsdl_service_name` - (Optional) Name of service to import from WSDL

* `wsdl_endpoint_name` - (Optional) Name of endpoint(port) to import from WSDL

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `is_current` - Indicates if API revision is current api revision.

* `is_online` - Indicates if API revision is accessible via the gateway.

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type for API Management resource.
