---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_namespace"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-namespace"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Namespace instance.
---

# azurerm_namespace

Manage Azure Namespace instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The Namespace name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the resource group within the azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `is_auto_inflate_enabled` - (Optional) Value that indicates whether AutoInflate is enabled for eventhub namespace.

* `kafka_enabled` - (Optional) Value that indicates whether Kafka is enabled for eventhub namespace.

* `maximum_throughput_units` - (Optional) Upper limit of throughput units when AutoInflate is enabled, value should be within 0 to 20 throughput units. ( '0' if AutoInflateEnabled = true)

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) Name of this SKU.

* `tier` - (Optional) The billing tier of this particular SKU. Defaults to `Basic`.

* `capacity` - (Optional) The Event Hubs throughput units, value should be 0 to 20 throughput units.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning state of the Namespace.

* `created_at` - The time the Namespace was created.

* `updated_at` - The time the Namespace was updated.

* `service_bus_endpoint` - Endpoint you can use to perform Service Bus operations.

* `metric_id` - Identifier for Azure Insights metrics.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type
