---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_assignment"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-assignment"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Assignment instance.
---

# azurerm_assignment

Manage Azure Assignment instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `location` - (Required) The location of this blueprint assignment. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `assignment_name` - (Required) Name of the blueprint assignment. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `identity` - (Required) One `identity` block defined below.

* `parameters` - (Required) Blueprint assignment parameter values.

* `resource_groups` - (Required) Names and locations of resource group placeholders.

* `scope` - (Required) The scope of the resource. Valid scopes are: management group (format: '/providers/Microsoft.Management/managementGroups/{managementGroup}'), subscription (format: '/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}'). For blueprint assignments management group scope is reserved for future use. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) Type of the managed identity.

* `principal_id` - (Optional) Azure Active Directory principal ID associated with this Identity.

* `tenant_id` - (Optional) ID of the Azure Active Directory.

* `user_assigned_identities` - (Optional) The list of user-assigned managed identities associated with the resource. Key is the Azure resource Id of the managed identity.

* `blueprint_id` - (Optional) ID of the published version of a blueprint definition.

* `description` - (Optional) Multi-line explain this resource.

* `display_name` - (Optional) One-liner string explain this resource.

* `locks` - (Optional) One `lock` block defined below.

---

The `lock` block supports the following:

* `mode` - (Optional) Lock mode. Defaults to `None`.

* `excluded_principals` - (Optional) List of AAD principals excluded from blueprint locks. Up to 5 principals are permitted.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `status` - One `status` block defined below.

* `provisioning_state` - State of the blueprint assignment.

* `id` - String Id used to locate any resource on Azure.

* `type` - Type of this resource.

* `name` - Name of this resource.


---

The `status` block contains the following:

* `time_created` - (Optional) Creation time of this blueprint definition.

* `last_modified` - (Optional) Last modified time of this blueprint definition.
