---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_network_interface_tap_configuration"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-network-interface-tap-configuration"
description: |-
  Manage Azure NetworkInterfaceTapConfiguration instance.
---

# azurerm_network_interface_tap_configuration

Manage Azure NetworkInterfaceTapConfiguration instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the tap configuration. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `network_interface_name` - (Required) The name of the network interface. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `etag` - (Optional) A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `virtual_network_tap` - (Optional) One `virtual_network_tap` block defined below.

---

The `virtual_network_tap` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags.

* `destination_network_interface_ipconfiguration` - (Optional) One `destination_network_interface_ipconfiguration` block defined below.

* `destination_load_balancer_front_end_ipconfiguration` - (Optional) One `destination_load_balancer_front_end_ipconfiguration` block defined below.

* `destination_port` - (Optional) The VXLAN destination port that will receive the tapped traffic.

* `etag` - (Optional) Gets a unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated.


---

The `destination_network_interface_ipconfiguration` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource.

* `etag` - (Optional) A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated.

---

The `destination_load_balancer_front_end_ipconfiguration` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource.

* `etag` - (Optional) A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated.

* `zones` - (Optional) A list of availability zones denoting the IP allocated for the resource needs to come from.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the network interface tap configuration. Possible values are: 'Updating', 'Deleting', and 'Failed'.

* `type` - Sub Resource type.
