---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_solution"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-solution"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Solution instance.
---

# azurerm_solution

Manage Azure Solution instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group to get. The name is case insensitive. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `solution_name` - (Required) User Solution Name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `workspace_resource_id` - (Required) The azure resourceId for the workspace where the solution will be deployed/enabled.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `contained_resources` - (Optional) The azure resources that will be contained within the solutions. They will be locked and gets deleted automatically when the solution is deleted.

* `plan` - (Optional) One `plan` block defined below.

* `referenced_resources` - (Optional) The resources that will be referenced from this solution. Deleting any of those solution out of band will break the solution.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `plan` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) name of the solution to be created. For Microsoft published solution it should be in the format of solutionType(workspaceName). SolutionType part is case sensitive. For third party solution, it can be anything.

* `publisher` - (Optional) Publisher name. For gallery solution, it is Microsoft.

* `promotion_code` - (Optional) promotionCode, Not really used now, can you left as empty

* `product` - (Optional) name of the solution to enabled/add. For Microsoft published gallery solution it should be in the format of OMSGallery/<solutionType>. This is case sensitive

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state for the solution.

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
