---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_prediction"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-prediction"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Prediction instance.
---

# azurerm_prediction

Manage Azure Prediction instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Prediction. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `auto_analyze` - (Required) Whether do auto analyze.

* `hub_name` - (Required) The name of the hub. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `mappings` - (Required) One `mapping` block defined below.

* `negative_outcome_expression` - (Required) Negative outcome expression.

* `positive_outcome_expression` - (Required) Positive outcome expression.

* `primary_profile_type` - (Required) Primary profile type.

* `scope_expression` - (Required) Scope expression.

* `score_label` - (Required) Score label.

* `status` - (Required) Prediction model life cycle.  When prediction is in PendingModelConfirmation status, it is allowed to update the status to PendingFeaturing or Active through API. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `mapping` block supports the following:

* `score` - (Required) The score of the link mapping.

* `grade` - (Required) The grade of the link mapping.

* `reason` - (Required) The reason of the link mapping.

* `description` - (Optional) Description of the prediction.

* `display_name` - (Optional) Display name of the prediction.

* `grades` - (Optional) One or more `grade` block defined below.

* `involved_interaction_types` - (Optional) Interaction types involved in the prediction.

* `involved_kpi_types` - (Optional) KPI types involved in the prediction.

* `involved_relationships` - (Optional) Relationships involved in the prediction.

* `prediction_name` - (Optional) Name of the prediction.

---

The `grade` block supports the following:

* `grade_name` - (Optional) Name of the grade.

* `min_score_threshold` - (Optional) Minimum score threshold.

* `max_score_threshold` - (Optional) Maximum score threshold.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
