---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_machine_learning_compute"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-machine-learning-compute"
description: |-
  Manage Azure MachineLearningCompute instance.
---

# azurerm_machine_learning_compute

Manage Azure MachineLearningCompute instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the Azure Machine Learning compute. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the resource group in which workspace is located. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `workspace_name` - (Required) Name of Azure Machine Learning workspace. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Specifies the location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `compute_location` - (Optional) Location for the underlying compute

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the Machine Learning compute.

* `resource_id` - (Optional) ARM resource id of the compute

* `tags` - (Optional) Contains resource tags defined as key/value pairs. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provision state of the cluster. Valid values are Unknown, Updating, Provisioning, Succeeded, and Failed.

* `created_on` - The date and time when the compute was created.

* `modified_on` - The date and time when the compute was last modified.

* `provisioning_errors` - One or more `provisioning_error` block defined below.

* `id` - Specifies the resource ID.

* `name` - Specifies the name of the resource.

* `identity` - One `identity` block defined below.

* `type` - Specifies the type of the resource.


---

The `provisioning_error` block contains the following:

* `error` - One `error` block defined below.


---

The `error` block contains the following:

* `code` - Error code.

* `message` - Error message.

* `details` - One or more `detail` block defined below.


---

The `detail` block contains the following:

* `code` - Error code.

* `message` - Error message.

---

The `identity` block contains the following:

* `principal_id` - The principal ID of resource identity.

* `tenant_id` - The tenant ID of resource.

* `type` - The identity type.
