---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_artifact_source"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-artifact-source"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ArtifactSource instance.
---

# azurerm_artifact_source

Manage Azure ArtifactSource instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The geo-location where the resource lives Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `artifact_source_name` - (Required) The name of the artifact source. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `source_type` - (Required) The type of artifact source used.

* `artifact_root` - (Optional) The path from the location that the 'authentication' property [say, a SAS URI to the blob container] refers to, to the location of the artifacts. This can be used to differentiate different versions of the artifacts. Or, different types of artifacts like binaries or templates. The location referenced by the authentication property concatenated with this optional artifactRoot path forms the artifact source location where the artifacts are expected to be found.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.
