---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_environment"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-environment"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Environment instance.
---

# azurerm_environment

Manage Azure Environment instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the environment. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `lab_name` - (Required) The name of the lab. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `user_name` - (Required) The name of the user profile. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `arm_template_display_name` - (Optional) The display name of the Azure Resource Manager template that produced the environment.

* `deployment_properties` - (Optional) One `deployment_property` block defined below.

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `deployment_property` block supports the following:

* `arm_template_id` - (Optional) The Azure Resource Manager template's identifier.

* `parameters` - (Optional) One or more `parameter` block defined below.


---

The `parameter` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the template parameter.

* `value` - (Optional) The value of the template parameter.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `resource_group_id` - The identifier of the resource group containing the environment's resources.

* `created_by_user` - The creator of the environment.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning status of the resource.

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
