---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_project"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-project"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Project instance.
---

# azurerm_project

Manage Azure Project instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the project Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `group_name` - (Required) Name of the resource group Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `service_name` - (Required) Name of the service Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `source_platform` - (Required) Source platform for the project

* `target_platform` - (Required) Target platform for the project

* `databases_info` - (Optional) One or more `databases_info` block defined below.

* `source_connection_info` - (Optional) One `source_connection_info` block defined below.

* `target_connection_info` - (Optional) One `target_connection_info` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `databases_info` block supports the following:

* `source_database_name` - (Required) Name of the database

---

The `source_connection_info` block supports the following:

* `user_name` - (Optional) User name

* `password` - (Optional) Password credential.

---

The `target_connection_info` block supports the following:

* `user_name` - (Optional) User name

* `password` - (Optional) Password credential.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `creation_time` - UTC Date and time when project was created

* `provisioning_state` - The project's provisioning state

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
