---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_streaming_locator"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-streaming-locator"
description: |-
  Manage Azure StreamingLocator instance.
---

# azurerm_streaming_locator

Manage Azure StreamingLocator instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `account_name` - (Required) The Media Services account name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `asset_name` - (Required) Asset Name

* `streaming_locator_name` - (Required) The Streaming Locator name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `streaming_policy_name` - (Required) Streaming policy name used by this streaming locator. Either specify the name of streaming policy you created or use one of the predefined streaming polices. The predefined streaming policies available are: 'Predefined_DownloadOnly', 'Predefined_ClearStreamingOnly', 'Predefined_DownloadAndClearStreaming', 'Predefined_ClearKey', 'Predefined_SecureStreaming' and 'Predefined_SecureStreamingWithFairPlay'

* `alternative_media_id` - (Optional) An Alternative Media Identifier associated with the StreamingLocator.  This identifier can be used to distinguish different StreamingLocators for the same Asset for authorization purposes in the CustomLicenseAcquisitionUrlTemplate or the CustomKeyAcquisitionUrlTemplate of the StreamingPolicy specified in the StreamingPolicyName field.

* `content_keys` - (Optional) One or more `content_key` block defined below.

* `default_content_key_policy_name` - (Optional) Default ContentKeyPolicy used by this Streaming Locator

* `end_time` - (Optional) EndTime of Streaming Locator

* `start_time` - (Optional) StartTime of Streaming Locator

* `streaming_locator_id` - (Optional) StreamingLocatorId of Streaming Locator

---

The `content_key` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Required) ID of Content Key

* `label` - (Optional) Label of Content Key

* `value` - (Optional) Value of Content Key

* `tracks` - (Optional) One or more `track` block defined below.


---

The `track` block supports the following:

* `track_selections` - (Optional) One or more `track_selection` block defined below.


---

The `track_selection` block supports the following:

* `property` - (Required) Track property type

* `operation` - (Required) Track property condition operation

* `value` - (Optional) Track property value

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `created` - Creation time of Streaming Locator

* `id` - Fully qualified resource ID for the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
