---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_gallery_image_version"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-gallery-image-version"
description: |-
  Manage Azure GalleryImageVersion instance.
---

# azurerm_gallery_image_version

Manage Azure GalleryImageVersion instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the gallery Image Version to be deleted. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `gallery_image_name` - (Required) The name of the Shared Image Gallery Image Definition from which the Image Versions are to be listed. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `gallery_name` - (Required) The name of the Shared Image Gallery in which the Image Definition resides. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `publishing_profile` - (Required) One `publishing_profile` block defined below.

---

The `publishing_profile` block supports the following:

* `target_regions` - (Optional) One or more `target_region` block defined below.

* `source` - (Required) One `source` block defined below.

* `replica_count` - (Optional) The number of replicas of the Image Version to be created per region. This property would take effect for a region when regionalReplicaCount is not specified. This property is updatable.

* `exclude_from_latest` - (Optional) If set to true, Virtual Machines deployed from the latest version of the Image Definition won't use this Image Version.

* `end_of_life_date` - (Optional) The end of life date of the gallery Image Version. This property can be used for decommissioning purposes. This property is updatable.


---

The `target_region` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the region.

* `regional_replica_count` - (Optional) The number of replicas of the Image Version to be created per region. This property is updatable.

---

The `source` block supports the following:

* `managed_image` - (Required) One `managed_image` block defined below.


---

The `managed_image` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Required) The managed artifact id.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type
