---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_smart_detector_alert_rule"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-smart-detector-alert-rule"
description: |-
  Manage Azure SmartDetectorAlertRule instance.
---

# azurerm_smart_detector_alert_rule

Manage Azure SmartDetectorAlertRule instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the alert rule. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `action_groups` - (Required) One `action_group` block defined below.

* `detector` - (Required) One `detector` block defined below.

* `frequency` - (Required) The alert rule frequency in ISO8601 format. The time granularity must be in minutes and minimum value is 5 minutes.

* `scope` - (Required) The alert rule resources scope.

* `severity` - (Required) The alert rule severity.

* `state` - (Required) The alert rule state.

---

The `action_group` block supports the following:

* `custom_email_subject` - (Optional) An optional custom email subject to use in email notifications.

* `custom_webhook_payload` - (Optional) An optional custom web-hook payload to use in web-hook notifications.

* `group_ids` - (Required) The Action Group resource IDs.

---

The `detector` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Required) The detector id.

* `parameters` - (Optional) The detector's parameters.'

* `name` - (Optional) The Smart Detector name. By default this is not populated, unless it's specified in expandDetector

* `description` - (Optional) The Smart Detector description. By default this is not populated, unless it's specified in expandDetector

* `supported_resource_types` - (Optional) The Smart Detector supported resource types. By default this is not populated, unless it's specified in expandDetector

* `image_paths` - (Optional) The Smart Detector image path. By default this is not populated, unless it's specified in expandDetector

* `description` - (Optional) The alert rule description.

* `throttling` - (Optional) One `throttling` block defined below.

---

The `throttling` block supports the following:

* `duration` - (Optional) The required duration (in ISO8601 format) to wait before notifying on the alert rule again. The time granularity must be in minutes and minimum value is 0 minutes

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID.

* `type` - The resource type.

* `name` - The resource name.
