---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_route_filter_rule"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-route-filter-rule"
description: |-
  Manage Azure RouteFilterRule instance.
---

# azurerm_route_filter_rule

Manage Azure RouteFilterRule instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `access` - (Required) The access type of the rule. Valid values are: 'Allow', 'Deny'

* `communities` - (Required) The collection for bgp community values to filter on. e.g. ['12076:5010','12076:5020']

* `route_filter_name` - (Required) The name of the route filter. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `route_filter_rule_type` - (Required) The rule type of the rule. Valid value is: 'Community'

* `rule_name` - (Required) The name of the route filter rule. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the resource. Possible values are: 'Updating', 'Deleting', 'Succeeded' and 'Failed'.

* `etag` - A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated.
