---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_gallery_image"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-gallery-image"
description: |-
  Manage Azure GalleryImage instance.
---

# azurerm_gallery_image

Manage Azure GalleryImage instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the gallery Image. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `lab_account_name` - (Required) The name of the lab Account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `is_enabled` - (Optional) Indicates whether this gallery image is enabled.

* `is_override` - (Optional) Indicates whether this gallery has been overridden for this lab account

* `is_plan_authorized` - (Optional) Indicates if the plan has been authorized for programmatic deployment.

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `author` - The author of the gallery image.

* `created_date` - The creation date of the gallery image.

* `description` - The description of the gallery image.

* `image_reference` - One `image_reference` block defined below.

* `icon` - The icon of the gallery image.

* `plan_id` - The third party plan that applies to this image

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning status of the resource.

* `latest_operation_result` - One `latest_operation_result` block defined below.

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.


---

The `image_reference` block contains the following:

* `offer` - (Optional) The offer of the gallery image.

* `publisher` - (Optional) The publisher of the gallery image.

* `sku` - (Optional) The SKU of the gallery image.

* `os_type` - (Optional) The OS type of the gallery image.

* `version` - (Optional) The version of the gallery image.

---

The `latest_operation_result` block contains the following:

* `status` - (Optional) The current status of the operation.

* `error_code` - (Optional) Error code on failure.

* `error_message` - (Optional) The error message.

* `request_uri` - (Optional) Request URI of the operation.

* `http_method` - (Optional) The HttpMethod - PUT/POST/DELETE for the operation.

* `operation_url` - (Optional) The URL to use to check long-running operation status
