---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_integration_account"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-integration-account"
description: |-
  Manage Azure IntegrationAccount instance.
---

# azurerm_integration_account

Manage Azure IntegrationAccount instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The integration account name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `events` - (Required) One or more `event` block defined below.

* `key_vault` - (Required) One `key_vault` block defined below.

* `source_type` - (Required) The source type. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `event` block supports the following:

* `event_level` - (Required) The event level.

* `event_time` - (Required) The event time.

* `record_type` - (Required) The record type.

* `error` - (Optional) One `error` block defined below.


---

The `error` block supports the following:

* `message` - (Optional) The message.

* `code` - (Optional) The code.

---

The `key_vault` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) The resource id.

* `location` - (Optional) The resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `integration_service_environment` - (Optional) One `integration_service_environment` block defined below.

* `key_type` - (Optional) The key type. Defaults to `NotSpecified`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `not_after` - (Optional) The expiry time. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `skip_token` - (Optional) The skip token. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `state` - (Optional) The workflow state. Defaults to `NotSpecified`.

* `track_events_options` - (Optional) The track events options. Defaults to `None`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) The resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `integration_service_environment` block supports the following:

* `location` - (Optional) The resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) The resource tags.

* `state` - (Optional) The integration service environment state. Defaults to `NotSpecified`.

* `integration_service_environment_id` - (Optional) Gets the tracking id.

* `endpoints_configuration` - (Optional) One `endpoints_configuration` block defined below.

* `network_configuration` - (Optional) One `network_configuration` block defined below.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.


---

The `endpoints_configuration` block supports the following:

* `workflow` - (Optional) One `workflow` block defined below.

* `connector` - (Optional) One `connector` block defined below.


---

The `workflow` block supports the following:

* `outgoing_ip_addresses` - (Optional) One or more `outgoing_ip_address` block defined below.

* `access_endpoint_ip_addresses` - (Optional) One or more `access_endpoint_ip_address` block defined below.


---

The `outgoing_ip_address` block supports the following:

* `address` - (Optional) The address.

---

The `access_endpoint_ip_address` block supports the following:

* `address` - (Optional) The address.

---

The `connector` block supports the following:

* `outgoing_ip_addresses` - (Optional) One or more `outgoing_ip_address` block defined below.

* `access_endpoint_ip_addresses` - (Optional) One or more `access_endpoint_ip_address` block defined below.


---

The `outgoing_ip_address` block supports the following:

* `address` - (Optional) The address.

---

The `access_endpoint_ip_address` block supports the following:

* `address` - (Optional) The address.

---

The `network_configuration` block supports the following:

* `virtual_network_address_space` - (Optional) Gets the virtual network address space.

* `access_endpoint` - (Optional) One `access_endpoint` block defined below.

* `subnets` - (Optional) One or more `subnet` block defined below.


---

The `access_endpoint` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Optional) The access endpoint type. Defaults to `NotSpecified`.

---

The `subnet` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) The resource id.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The sku name. Defaults to `NotSpecified`.

* `capacity` - (Optional) The sku capacity.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The sku name.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource id.

* `name` - Gets the resource name.

* `type` - Gets the resource type.
