---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_storage_target"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-storage-target"
description: |-
  Manage Azure StorageTarget instance.
---

# azurerm_storage_target

Manage Azure StorageTarget instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) Target resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `cache_name` - (Required) Name of Cache. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `storage_target_name` - (Required) Name of the Storage Target. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `clfs` - (Optional) One `clf` block defined below.

* `junctions` - (Optional) One or more `junction` block defined below.

* `nfs3` - (Optional) One `nfs3` block defined below.

* `target_type` - (Optional) Type of the Storage Target. Defaults to `nfs3`.

* `unknown` - (Optional) One `unknown` block defined below.

---

The `clf` block supports the following:

* `target` - (Optional) Resource ID of storage container.

---

The `junction` block supports the following:

* `namespace_path` - (Optional) Namespace path on a Cache for a Storage Target.

* `target_path` - (Optional) Path in Storage Target to which namespacePath points.

* `nfs_export` - (Optional) NFS export where targetPath exists.

---

The `nfs3` block supports the following:

* `target` - (Optional) IP address or host name of an NFSv3 host (e.g., 10.0.44.44).

* `usage_model` - (Optional) Identifies the primary usage model to be used for this Storage Target. Get choices from .../usageModels

---

The `unknown` block supports the following:

* `unknown_map` - (Optional) Dictionary of string->string pairs containing information about the Storage Target.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - ARM provisioning state, see https://github.com/Azure/azure-resource-manager-rpc/blob/master/v1.0/Addendum.md#provisioningstate-property

* `name` - Name of the Storage Target.

* `id` - Resource ID of the Storage Target.

* `type` - Type of the Storage Target; Microsoft.StorageCache/Cache/StorageTarget
