---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_open_shift_managed_cluster"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-open-shift-managed-cluster"
description: |-
  Manage Azure OpenShiftManagedCluster instance.
---

# azurerm_open_shift_managed_cluster

Manage Azure OpenShiftManagedCluster instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the OpenShift managed cluster resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `open_shift_version` - (Required) Version of OpenShift specified when creating the cluster.

* `agent_pool_profiles` - (Optional) One or more `agent_pool_profile` block defined below.

* `auth_profile` - (Optional) One `auth_profile` block defined below.

* `master_pool_profile` - (Optional) One `master_pool_profile` block defined below.

* `network_profile` - (Optional) One `network_profile` block defined below.

* `plan` - (Optional) One `plan` block defined below.

* `router_profiles` - (Optional) One or more `router_profile` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `agent_pool_profile` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) Unique name of the pool profile in the context of the subscription and resource group.

* `count` - (Required) Number of agents (VMs) to host docker containers.

* `vm_size` - (Required) Size of agent VMs.

* `subnet_cidr` - (Optional) Subnet CIDR for the peering.

* `os_type` - (Optional) OsType to be used to specify os type. Choose from Linux and Windows. Default to Linux. Defaults to `Linux`.

* `role` - (Optional) Define the role of the AgentPoolProfile. Defaults to `compute`.

---

The `auth_profile` block supports the following:

* `identity_providers` - (Optional) One or more `identity_provider` block defined below.


---

The `identity_provider` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Name of the provider.

---

The `master_pool_profile` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Unique name of the master pool profile in the context of the subscription and resource group.

* `count` - (Required) Number of masters (VMs) to host docker containers. The default value is 3.

* `vm_size` - (Required) Size of agent VMs.

* `subnet_cidr` - (Optional) Subnet CIDR for the peering.

* `os_type` - (Optional) OsType to be used to specify os type. Choose from Linux and Windows. Default to Linux. Defaults to `Linux`.

---

The `network_profile` block supports the following:

* `vnet_cidr` - (Optional) CIDR for the OpenShift Vnet.

* `peer_vnet_id` - (Optional) CIDR of the Vnet to peer.

* `vnet_id` - (Optional) ID of the Vnet created for OSA cluster.

---

The `plan` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The plan ID.

* `product` - (Optional) Specifies the product of the image from the marketplace. This is the same value as Offer under the imageReference element.

* `promotion_code` - (Optional) The promotion code.

* `publisher` - (Optional) The plan ID.

---

The `router_profile` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Name of the router profile.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type
