---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_workspace"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-workspace"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Workspace instance.
---

# azurerm_workspace

Manage Azure Workspace instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the workspace. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name of the workspace. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `e_tag` - (Optional) The ETag of the workspace. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `retention_in_days` - (Optional) The workspace data retention in days. -1 means Unlimited retention for the Unlimited Sku. 730 days is the maximum allowed for all other Skus.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the SKU.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the workspace.

* `source` - This is a read-only legacy property. It is always set to 'Azure' by the service. Kept here for backward compatibility.

* `customer_id` - This is a read-only property. Represents the ID associated with the workspace.

* `portal_url` - This is a legacy property and is not used anymore. Kept here for backward compatibility.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type
