---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_elastic_pool"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-elastic-pool"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ElasticPool instance.
---

# azurerm_elastic_pool

Manage Azure ElasticPool instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the elastic pool to failover. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `server_name` - (Required) The name of the server. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `license_type` - (Optional) The license type to apply for this elastic pool. Defaults to `LicenseIncluded`.

* `max_size_bytes` - (Optional) The storage limit for the database elastic pool in bytes.

* `per_database_settings` - (Optional) One `per_database_setting` block defined below.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `zone_redundant` - (Optional) Whether or not this elastic pool is zone redundant, which means the replicas of this elastic pool will be spread across multiple availability zones.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `per_database_setting` block supports the following:

* `min_capacity` - (Optional) The minimum capacity all databases are guaranteed.

* `max_capacity` - (Optional) The maximum capacity any one database can consume.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the SKU, typically, a letter + Number code, e.g. P3.

* `tier` - (Optional) The tier or edition of the particular SKU, e.g. Basic, Premium.

* `size` - (Optional) Size of the particular SKU

* `family` - (Optional) If the service has different generations of hardware, for the same SKU, then that can be captured here.

* `capacity` - (Optional) Capacity of the particular SKU.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `state` - The state of the elastic pool.

* `creation_date` - The creation date of the elastic pool (ISO8601 format).

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.

* `kind` - Kind of elastic pool. This is metadata used for the Azure portal experience.
