---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_disk"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-disk"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Disk instance.
---

# azurerm_disk

Manage Azure Disk instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the user profile. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the disk. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `lab_name` - (Required) The name of the lab. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `disk_blob_name` - (Optional) When backed by a blob, the name of the VHD blob without extension.

* `disk_size_gi_b` - (Optional) The size of the disk in Gibibytes.

* `disk_type` - (Optional) The storage type for the disk (i.e. Standard, Premium). Defaults to `Standard`.

* `disk_uri` - (Optional) When backed by a blob, the URI of underlying blob.

* `host_caching` - (Optional) The host caching policy of the disk (i.e. None, ReadOnly, ReadWrite).

* `leased_by_lab_vm_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the VM to which this disk is leased.

* `managed_disk_id` - (Optional) When backed by managed disk, this is the ID of the compute disk resource.

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `created_date` - The creation date of the disk.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning status of the resource.

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
