---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_source_control"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-source-control"
description: |-
  Manage Azure SourceControl instance.
---

# azurerm_source_control

Manage Azure SourceControl instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of an Azure Resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `automation_account_name` - (Required) The name of the automation account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `source_control_name` - (Required) The source control name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `auto_sync` - (Optional) The auto async of the source control. Default is false.

* `branch` - (Optional) The repo branch of the source control. Include branch as empty string for VsoTfvc.

* `description` - (Optional) The user description of the source control.

* `folder_path` - (Optional) The folder path of the source control. Path must be relative.

* `publish_runbook` - (Optional) The auto publish of the source control. Default is true.

* `repo_url` - (Optional) The repo url of the source control.

* `security_token` - (Optional) One `security_token` block defined below.

* `source_type` - (Optional) The source type. Must be one of VsoGit, VsoTfvc, GitHub, case sensitive. Defaults to `VsoGit`.

---

The `security_token` block supports the following:

* `access_token` - (Optional) The access token.

* `refresh_token` - (Optional) The refresh token.

* `token_type` - (Optional) The token type. Must be either PersonalAccessToken or Oauth. Defaults to `PersonalAccessToken`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `creation_time` - The creation time.

* `last_modified_time` - The last modified time.

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource.
