---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_media_service"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-media-service"
description: |-
  Manage Azure MediaService instance.
---

# azurerm_media_service

Manage Azure MediaService instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `id` - (Required) The id of the storage account resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the resource. A name must be globally unique. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Required) Name of the Media Service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `key_type` - (Required) The keyType indicating which key you want to regenerate, Primary or Secondary. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `type` - (Required) The type of the resource - mediaservices. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The geographic location of the resource. This must be one of the supported and registered Azure Geo Regions (for example, West US, East US, Southeast Asia, and so forth). Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `storage_accounts` - (Optional) One or more `storage_account` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Tags to help categorize the resource in the Azure portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `storage_account` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Required) The id of the storage account resource. Media Services relies on tables and queues as well as blobs, so the primary storage account must be a Standard Storage account (either Microsoft.ClassicStorage or Microsoft.Storage). Blob only storage accounts can be added as secondary storage accounts (isPrimary false).

* `is_primary` - (Required) Is this storage account resource the primary storage account for the Media Service resource. Blob only storage must set this to false.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:
