---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_prefix"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-prefix"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Prefix instance.
---

# azurerm_prefix

Manage Azure Prefix instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the prefix. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `peering_service_name` - (Required) The name of the peering service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `prefix` - (Optional) The prefix from which your traffic originates.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `prefix_validation_state` - The prefix validation state

* `learned_type` - The prefix learned type

* `error_message` - The error message for validation state

* `events` - One or more `event` block defined below.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `id` - The ID of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.


---

The `event` block contains the following:

* `event_timestamp` - (Optional) The timestamp of the event associated with a prefix.

* `event_type` - (Optional) The type of the event associated with a prefix.

* `event_summary` - (Optional) The summary of the event associated with a prefix.

* `event_level` - (Optional) The level of the event associated with a prefix.

* `event_description` - (Optional) The description of the event associated with a prefix.
