---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_snapshot"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-snapshot"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Snapshot instance.
---

# azurerm_snapshot

Manage Azure Snapshot instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the snapshot that is being created. The name can't be changed after the snapshot is created. Supported characters for the name are a-z, A-Z, 0-9 and _. The max name length is 80 characters. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `access` - (Required)  Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `duration_in_seconds` - (Required) Time duration in seconds until the SAS access expires. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `disk_size_gb` - (Optional) If creationData.createOption is Empty, this field is mandatory and it indicates the size of the VHD to create. If this field is present for updates or creation with other options, it indicates a resize. Resizes are only allowed if the disk is not attached to a running VM, and can only increase the disk's size.

* `encryption_settings` - (Optional) One `encryption_setting` block defined below.

* `os_type` - (Optional) the Operating System type. Defaults to `Windows`.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `encryption_setting` block supports the following:

* `enabled` - (Optional) Set this flag to true and provide DiskEncryptionKey and optional KeyEncryptionKey to enable encryption. Set this flag to false and remove DiskEncryptionKey and KeyEncryptionKey to disable encryption. If EncryptionSettings is null in the request object, the existing settings remain unchanged.

* `disk_encryption_key` - (Optional) One `disk_encryption_key` block defined below.

* `key_encryption_key` - (Optional) One `key_encryption_key` block defined below.


---

The `disk_encryption_key` block supports the following:

* `source_vault` - (Required) One `source_vault` block defined below.

* `secret_url` - (Required) Url pointing to a key or secret in KeyVault


---

The `source_vault` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `key_encryption_key` block supports the following:

* `source_vault` - (Required) One `source_vault` block defined below.

* `key_url` - (Required) Url pointing to a key or secret in KeyVault


---

The `source_vault` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The sku name. Defaults to `Standard_LRS`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type

* `managed_by` - Unused. Always Null.
