---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_batch_account"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-batch-account"
description: |-
  Manage Azure BatchAccount instance.
---

# azurerm_batch_account

Manage Azure BatchAccount instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Batch account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the Batch account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The region in which to create the account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `key_name` - (Required) The type of account key to regenerate. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `auto_storage` - (Optional) One `auto_storage` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) The user-specified tags associated with the account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `auto_storage` block supports the following:

* `storage_account_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the storage account to be used for auto-storage account.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `account_endpoint` - The account endpoint used to interact with the Batch service.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioned state of the resource

* `pool_allocation_mode` - 

* `key_vault_reference` - One `key_vault_reference` block defined below.

* `dedicated_core_quota` - 

* `low_priority_core_quota` - 

* `pool_quota` - 

* `active_job_and_job_schedule_quota` - 

* `id` - The ID of the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.


---

The `key_vault_reference` block contains the following:

* `id` - The resource ID of the Azure key vault associated with the Batch account.

* `url` - The URL of the Azure key vault associated with the Batch account.
