---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_agent_pool"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-agent-pool"
description: |-
  Manage Azure AgentPool instance.
---

# azurerm_agent_pool

Manage Azure AgentPool instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the agent pool. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_name` - (Required) The name of the managed cluster resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `availability_zones` - (Optional) (PREVIEW) Availability zones for nodes. Must use VirtualMachineScaleSets AgentPoolType.

* `count` - (Optional) Number of agents (VMs) to host docker containers. Allowed values must be in the range of 1 to 100 (inclusive). The default value is 1.

* `enable_auto_scaling` - (Optional) Whether to enable auto-scaler

* `enable_node_public_ip` - (Optional) Enable public IP for nodes

* `max_count` - (Optional) Maximum number of nodes for auto-scaling

* `max_pods` - (Optional) Maximum number of pods that can run on a node.

* `min_count` - (Optional) Minimum number of nodes for auto-scaling

* `node_taints` - (Optional) Taints added to new nodes during node pool create and scale. For example, key=value:NoSchedule.

* `orchestrator_version` - (Optional) Version of orchestrator specified when creating the managed cluster.

* `os_disk_size_gb` - (Optional) OS Disk Size in GB to be used to specify the disk size for every machine in this master/agent pool. If you specify 0, it will apply the default osDisk size according to the vmSize specified.

* `os_type` - (Optional) OsType to be used to specify os type. Choose from Linux and Windows. Default to Linux. Defaults to `Linux`.

* `scale_set_eviction_policy` - (Optional) ScaleSetEvictionPolicy to be used to specify eviction policy for low priority virtual machine scale set. Default to Delete. Defaults to `Delete`.

* `scale_set_priority` - (Optional) ScaleSetPriority to be used to specify virtual machine scale set priority. Default to regular. Defaults to `Low`.

* `type` - (Optional) AgentPoolType represents types of an agent pool Defaults to `VirtualMachineScaleSets`.

* `vm_size` - (Optional) Size of agent VMs. Defaults to `Standard_A1`.

* `vnet_subnet_id` - (Optional) VNet SubnetID specifies the VNet's subnet identifier.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - The name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource.

* `type` - Resource type
