---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_role_assignment"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-role-assignment"
description: |-
  Manage Azure RoleAssignment instance.
---

# azurerm_role_assignment

Manage Azure RoleAssignment instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `principal_id` - (Required) The principal ID assigned to the role. This maps to the ID inside the Active Directory. It can point to a user, service principal, or security group.

* `role_assignment_name` - (Required) The name of the role assignment to create. It can be any valid GUID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `role_definition_id` - (Required) The role definition ID used in the role assignment.

* `scope` - (Required) The scope of the role assignment to create. The scope can be any REST resource instance. For example, use '/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/' for a subscription, '/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/resourceGroups/{resource-group-name}' for a resource group, and '/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/resourceGroups/{resource-group-name}/providers/{resource-provider}/{resource-type}/{resource-name}' for a resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `can_delegate` - (Optional) The delegation flag used for creating a role assignment

* `principal_type` - (Optional) The principal type of the assigned principal ID. Defaults to `User`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `scope` - The role assignment scope.

* `id` - The role assignment ID.

* `name` - The role assignment name.

* `type` - The role assignment type.
