---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_replication_network_mapping"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-replication-network-mapping"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ReplicationNetworkMapping instance.
---

# azurerm_replication_network_mapping

Manage Azure ReplicationNetworkMapping instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group where the recovery services vault is present. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `fabric_name` - (Required) Primary fabric name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `network_mapping_name` - (Required) Network mapping name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `network_name` - (Required) Primary network name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_name` - (Required) The name of the recovery services vault. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `recovery_fabric_name` - (Optional) Recovery fabric Name.

* `recovery_network_id` - (Optional) Recovery network Id.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `state` - The pairing state for network mapping.

* `primary_network_friendly_name` - The primary network friendly name.

* `primary_network_id` - The primary network id for network mapping.

* `primary_fabric_friendly_name` - The primary fabric friendly name.

* `recovery_network_friendly_name` - The recovery network friendly name.

* `recovery_fabric_arm_id` - The recovery fabric ARM id.

* `recovery_fabric_friendly_name` - The recovery fabric friendly name.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource Name

* `type` - Resource Type

* `location` - Resource Location
