---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_gateway"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-gateway"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Gateway instance.
---

# azurerm_gateway

Manage Azure Gateway instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) Azure resource group name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The geo-location where the resource lives Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `destination_network` - (Required) One `destination_network` block defined below.

* `gateway_resource_name` - (Required) The identity of the gateway. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `source_network` - (Required) One `source_network` block defined below.

---

The `destination_network` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Name of the network

* `endpoint_refs` - (Optional) One or more `endpoint_ref` block defined below.


---

The `endpoint_ref` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Name of the endpoint.

---

The `source_network` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Name of the network

* `endpoint_refs` - (Optional) One or more `endpoint_ref` block defined below.


---

The `endpoint_ref` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Name of the endpoint.

* `description` - (Optional) User readable description of the gateway.

* `http` - (Optional) One or more `http` block defined below.

* `tcp` - (Optional) One or more `tcp` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `http` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) http gateway config name.

* `port` - (Required) Specifies the port at which the service endpoint below needs to be exposed.

* `hosts` - (Required) One or more `host` block defined below.


---

The `host` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) http hostname config name.

* `routes` - (Required) One or more `route` block defined below.


---

The `route` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) http route name.

---

The `tcp` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) tcp gateway config name.

* `port` - (Required) Specifies the port at which the service endpoint below needs to be exposed.

* `destination` - (Required) One `destination` block defined below.


---

The `destination` block supports the following:

* `application_name` - (Required) Name of the service fabric Mesh application.

* `service_name` - (Required) service that contains the endpoint.

* `endpoint_name` - (Required) name of the endpoint in the service.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - State of the resource.

* `status` - Status of the resource.

* `status_details` - Gives additional information about the current status of the gateway.

* `ip_address` - IP address of the gateway. This is populated in the response and is ignored for incoming requests.

* `id` - Fully qualified identifier for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.
