---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_transform"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-transform"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Transform instance.
---

# azurerm_transform

Manage Azure Transform instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The Transform name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `account_name` - (Required) The Media Services account name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `outputs` - (Required) One or more `output` block defined below.

---

The `output` block supports the following:

* `on_error` - (Optional) A Transform can define more than one outputs. This property defines what the service should do when one output fails - either continue to produce other outputs, or, stop the other outputs. The overall Job state will not reflect failures of outputs that are specified with 'ContinueJob'. The default is 'StopProcessingJob'. Defaults to `StopProcessingJob`.

* `relative_priority` - (Optional) Sets the relative priority of the TransformOutputs within a Transform. This sets the priority that the service uses for processing TransformOutputs. The default priority is Normal. Defaults to `Low`.

* `description` - (Optional) An optional verbose description of the Transform.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `created` - The UTC date and time when the Transform was created, in 'YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssZ' format.

* `last_modified` - The UTC date and time when the Transform was last updated, in 'YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssZ' format.

* `id` - Fully qualified resource ID for the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
