---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_app"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-app"
description: |-
  Manage Azure App instance.
---

# azurerm_app

Manage Azure App instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the App resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `service_name` - (Required) The name of the Service resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `active_deployment_name` - (Optional) Name of the active deployment of the App

* `persistent_disk` - (Optional) One `persistent_disk` block defined below.

* `public` - (Optional) Indicates whether the App exposes public endpoint

* `temporary_disk` - (Optional) One `temporary_disk` block defined below.

---

The `persistent_disk` block supports the following:

* `size_in_gb` - (Optional) Size of the persistent disk in GB

* `mount_path` - (Optional) Mount path of the persistent disk

---

The `temporary_disk` block supports the following:

* `size_in_gb` - (Optional) Size of the temporary disk in GB

* `mount_path` - (Optional) Mount path of the temporary disk

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `url` - URL of the App

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning state of the App

* `created_time` - Date time when the resource is created

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
