---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_profile"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-profile"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Profile instance.
---

# azurerm_profile

Manage Azure Profile instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Traffic Manager profile. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group containing the Traffic Manager profile. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The Azure Region where the resource lives Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `dns_config` - (Optional) One `dns_config` block defined below.

* `endpoints` - (Optional) One or more `endpoint` block defined below.

* `monitor_config` - (Optional) One `monitor_config` block defined below.

* `profile_status` - (Optional) The status of the Traffic Manager profile. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `traffic_routing_method` - (Optional) The traffic routing method of the Traffic Manager profile. Defaults to `Performance`.

* `traffic_view_enrollment_status` - (Optional) Indicates whether Traffic View is 'Enabled' or 'Disabled' for the Traffic Manager profile. Null, indicates 'Disabled'. Enabling this feature will increase the cost of the Traffic Manage profile. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `type` - (Optional) The type of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `dns_config` block supports the following:

* `relative_name` - (Optional) The relative DNS name provided by this Traffic Manager profile. This value is combined with the DNS domain name used by Azure Traffic Manager to form the fully-qualified domain name (FQDN) of the profile.

* `ttl` - (Optional) The DNS Time-To-Live (TTL), in seconds. This informs the local DNS resolvers and DNS clients how long to cache DNS responses provided by this Traffic Manager profile.

---

The `endpoint` block supports the following:

* `target_resource_id` - (Optional) The Azure Resource URI of the of the endpoint. Not applicable to endpoints of type 'ExternalEndpoints'.

* `target` - (Optional) The fully-qualified DNS name of the endpoint. Traffic Manager returns this value in DNS responses to direct traffic to this endpoint.

* `endpoint_status` - (Optional) The status of the endpoint. If the endpoint is Enabled, it is probed for endpoint health and is included in the traffic routing method. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `weight` - (Optional) The weight of this endpoint when using the 'Weighted' traffic routing method. Possible values are from 1 to 1000.

* `priority` - (Optional) The priority of this endpoint when using the ‘Priority’ traffic routing method. Possible values are from 1 to 1000, lower values represent higher priority. This is an optional parameter.  If specified, it must be specified on all endpoints, and no two endpoints can share the same priority value.

* `endpoint_location` - (Optional) Specifies the location of the external or nested endpoints when using the ‘Performance’ traffic routing method.

* `endpoint_monitor_status` - (Optional) The monitoring status of the endpoint. Defaults to `CheckingEndpoint`.

* `min_child_endpoints` - (Optional) The minimum number of endpoints that must be available in the child profile in order for the parent profile to be considered available. Only applicable to endpoint of type 'NestedEndpoints'.

* `geo_mapping` - (Optional) The list of countries/regions mapped to this endpoint when using the ‘Geographic’ traffic routing method. Please consult Traffic Manager Geographic documentation for a full list of accepted values.

---

The `monitor_config` block supports the following:

* `profile_monitor_status` - (Optional) The profile-level monitoring status of the Traffic Manager profile. Defaults to `CheckingEndpoints`.

* `protocol` - (Optional) The protocol (HTTP, HTTPS or TCP) used to probe for endpoint health. Defaults to `HTTP`.

* `port` - (Optional) The TCP port used to probe for endpoint health.

* `path` - (Optional) The path relative to the endpoint domain name used to probe for endpoint health.

* `interval_in_seconds` - (Optional) The monitor interval for endpoints in this profile. This is the interval at which Traffic Manager will check the health of each endpoint in this profile.

* `timeout_in_seconds` - (Optional) The monitor timeout for endpoints in this profile. This is the time that Traffic Manager allows endpoints in this profile to response to the health check.

* `tolerated_number_of_failures` - (Optional) The number of consecutive failed health check that Traffic Manager tolerates before declaring an endpoint in this profile Degraded after the next failed health check.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Network/trafficManagerProfiles/{resourceName}
