---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_account"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-account"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Account instance.
---

# azurerm_account

Manage Azure Account instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Data Lake Analytics account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the Azure resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `compute_policies` - (Optional) One or more `compute_policy` block defined below.

* `data_lake_store_accounts` - (Optional) One or more `data_lake_store_account` block defined below.

* `firewall_allow_azure_ips` - (Optional) The current state of allowing or disallowing IPs originating within Azure through the firewall. If the firewall is disabled, this is not enforced. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `firewall_rules` - (Optional) One or more `firewall_rule` block defined below.

* `firewall_state` - (Optional) The current state of the IP address firewall for this account. Disabling the firewall does not remove existing rules, they will just be ignored until the firewall is re-enabled. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `max_degree_of_parallelism` - (Optional) The maximum supported degree of parallelism for this account.

* `max_degree_of_parallelism_per_job` - (Optional) The maximum supported degree of parallelism per job for this account.

* `max_job_count` - (Optional) The maximum supported jobs running under the account at the same time.

* `min_priority_per_job` - (Optional) The minimum supported priority per job for this account.

* `new_tier` - (Optional) The commitment tier to use for next month. Defaults to `Consumption`.

* `query_store_retention` - (Optional) The number of days that job metadata is retained.

* `storage_accounts` - (Optional) One or more `storage_account` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) The resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `compute_policy` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The unique name of the compute policy to update.

* `object_id` - (Optional) The AAD object identifier for the entity to create a policy for.

* `object_type` - (Optional) The type of AAD object the object identifier refers to. Defaults to `User`.

* `max_degree_of_parallelism_per_job` - (Optional) The maximum degree of parallelism per job this user can use to submit jobs. This property, the min priority per job property, or both must be passed.

* `min_priority_per_job` - (Optional) The minimum priority per job this user can use to submit jobs. This property, the max degree of parallelism per job property, or both must be passed.

---

The `data_lake_store_account` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The unique name of the Data Lake Store account to update.

* `suffix` - (Optional) The optional suffix for the Data Lake Store account.

---

The `firewall_rule` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The unique name of the firewall rule to update.

* `start_ip_address` - (Optional) The start IP address for the firewall rule. This can be either ipv4 or ipv6. Start and End should be in the same protocol.

* `end_ip_address` - (Optional) The end IP address for the firewall rule. This can be either ipv4 or ipv6. Start and End should be in the same protocol.

---

The `storage_account` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The unique name of the Azure Storage account to update.

* `access_key` - (Optional) The updated access key associated with this Azure Storage account that will be used to connect to it.

* `suffix` - (Optional) The optional suffix for the storage account.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `account_id` - The unique identifier associated with this Data Lake Analytics account.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning status of the Data Lake Analytics account.

* `state` - The state of the Data Lake Analytics account.

* `creation_time` - The account creation time.

* `last_modified_time` - The account last modified time.

* `endpoint` - The full CName endpoint for this account.

* `default_data_lake_store_account` - The default Data Lake Store account associated with this account.

* `current_tier` - The commitment tier in use for the current month.

* `system_max_job_count` - The system defined maximum supported jobs running under the account at the same time, which restricts the maximum number of running jobs the user can set for the account.

* `system_max_degree_of_parallelism` - The system defined maximum supported degree of parallelism for this account, which restricts the maximum value of parallelism the user can set for the account.

* `id` - The resource identifer.

* `name` - The resource name.

* `type` - The resource type.
