---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_application"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-application"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Application instance.
---

# azurerm_application

Manage Azure Application instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The constant value for the application name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `cluster_name` - (Required) The name of the cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `application_type` - (Optional) The application type.

* `compute_profile` - (Optional) One `compute_profile` block defined below.

* `errors` - (Optional) One or more `error` block defined below.

* `etag` - (Optional) The ETag for the application Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `https_endpoints` - (Optional) One or more `https_endpoint` block defined below.

* `install_script_actions` - (Optional) One or more `install_script_action` block defined below.

* `ssh_endpoints` - (Optional) One or more `ssh_endpoint` block defined below.

* `uninstall_script_actions` - (Optional) One or more `uninstall_script_action` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags for the application. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `compute_profile` block supports the following:

* `roles` - (Optional) One or more `role` block defined below.


---

The `role` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the role.

* `min_instance_count` - (Optional) The minimum instance count of the cluster.

* `target_instance_count` - (Optional) The instance count of the cluster.

* `autoscale` - (Optional) One `autoscale` block defined below.

* `hardware_profile` - (Optional) One `hardware_profile` block defined below.

* `os_profile` - (Optional) One `os_profile` block defined below.

* `virtual_network_profile` - (Optional) One `virtual_network_profile` block defined below.

* `data_disks_groups` - (Optional) One or more `data_disks_group` block defined below.

* `script_actions` - (Optional) One or more `script_action` block defined below.


---

The `autoscale` block supports the following:

* `capacity` - (Optional) One `capacity` block defined below.

* `recurrence` - (Optional) One `recurrence` block defined below.


---

The `capacity` block supports the following:

* `min_instance_count` - (Optional) The minimum instance count of the cluster

* `max_instance_count` - (Optional) The maximum instance count of the cluster

---

The `recurrence` block supports the following:

* `time_zone` - (Optional) The time zone for the autoscale schedule times

* `schedule` - (Optional) One or more `schedule` block defined below.


---

The `schedule` block supports the following:

* `days` - (Optional) Days of the week for a schedule-based autoscale rule

* `time_and_capacity` - (Optional) One `time_and_capacity` block defined below.


---

The `time_and_capacity` block supports the following:

* `time` - (Optional) 24-hour time in the form xx:xx

* `min_instance_count` - (Optional) The minimum instance count of the cluster

* `max_instance_count` - (Optional) The maximum instance count of the cluster

---

The `hardware_profile` block supports the following:

* `vm_size` - (Optional) The size of the VM

---

The `os_profile` block supports the following:

* `linux_operating_system_profile` - (Optional) One `linux_operating_system_profile` block defined below.


---

The `linux_operating_system_profile` block supports the following:

* `username` - (Optional) The username.

* `password` - (Optional) The password.

* `ssh_profile` - (Optional) One `ssh_profile` block defined below.


---

The `ssh_profile` block supports the following:

* `public_keys` - (Optional) One or more `public_key` block defined below.


---

The `public_key` block supports the following:

* `certificate_data` - (Optional) The certificate for SSH.

---

The `virtual_network_profile` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) The ID of the virtual network.

* `subnet` - (Optional) The name of the subnet.

---

The `data_disks_group` block supports the following:

* `disks_per_node` - (Optional) The number of disks per node.

---

The `script_action` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the script action.

* `uri` - (Required) The URI to the script.

* `parameters` - (Required) The parameters for the script provided.

---

The `error` block supports the following:

* `code` - (Optional) The error code.

* `message` - (Optional) The error message.

---

The `https_endpoint` block supports the following:

* `access_modes` - (Optional) The list of access modes for the application.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the endpoint. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `destination_port` - (Optional) The destination port to connect to.

* `public_port` - (Optional) The public port to connect to.

* `sub_domain_suffix` - (Optional) The subdomain suffix of the application.

* `disable_gateway_auth` - (Optional) The value indicates whether to disable GatewayAuth.

---

The `install_script_action` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the script action.

* `uri` - (Required) The URI to the script.

* `parameters` - (Optional) The parameters for the script

* `roles` - (Required) The list of roles where script will be executed.

---

The `ssh_endpoint` block supports the following:

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the endpoint. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `destination_port` - (Optional) The destination port to connect to.

* `public_port` - (Optional) The public port to connect to.

---

The `uninstall_script_action` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the script action.

* `uri` - (Required) The URI to the script.

* `parameters` - (Optional) The parameters for the script

* `roles` - (Required) The list of roles where script will be executed.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the application.

* `application_state` - The application state.

* `created_date` - The application create date time.

* `marketplace_identifier` - The marketplace identifier.

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource.
