---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_gallery_application_version"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-gallery-application-version"
description: |-
  Manage Azure GalleryApplicationVersion instance.
---

# azurerm_gallery_application_version

Manage Azure GalleryApplicationVersion instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the gallery Application Version to be deleted. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `gallery_application_name` - (Required) The name of the Shared Application Gallery Application Definition from which the Application Versions are to be listed. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `gallery_name` - (Required) The name of the Shared Application Gallery in which the Application Definition resides. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `publishing_profile` - (Required) One `publishing_profile` block defined below.

---

The `publishing_profile` block supports the following:

* `target_regions` - (Optional) One or more `target_region` block defined below.

* `replica_count` - (Optional) The number of replicas of the Image Version to be created per region. This property would take effect for a region when regionalReplicaCount is not specified. This property is updatable.

* `exclude_from_latest` - (Optional) If set to true, Virtual Machines deployed from the latest version of the Image Definition won't use this Image Version.

* `end_of_life_date` - (Optional) The end of life date of the gallery Image Version. This property can be used for decommissioning purposes. This property is updatable.

* `storage_account_type` - (Optional) Specifies the storage account type to be used to store the image. This property is not updatable. Defaults to `Standard_LRS`.

* `source` - (Required) One `source` block defined below.

* `content_type` - (Optional) Optional. May be used to help process this file. The type of file contained in the source, e.g. zip, json, etc.

* `enable_health_check` - (Optional) Optional. Whether or not this application reports health.


---

The `target_region` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the region.

* `regional_replica_count` - (Optional) The number of replicas of the Image Version to be created per region. This property is updatable.

* `storage_account_type` - (Optional) Specifies the storage account type to be used to store the image. This property is not updatable. Defaults to `Standard_LRS`.

---

The `source` block supports the following:

* `file_name` - (Required) Required. The fileName of the artifact.

* `media_link` - (Required) Required. The mediaLink of the artifact, must be a readable storage blob.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state, which only appears in the response.

* `replication_status` - One `replication_status` block defined below.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type


---

The `replication_status` block contains the following:

* `aggregated_state` - This is the aggregated replication status based on all the regional replication status flags.

* `summary` - One or more `summary` block defined below.


---

The `summary` block contains the following:

* `region` - The region to which the gallery Image Version is being replicated to.

* `state` - This is the regional replication state.

* `details` - The details of the replication status.

* `progress` - It indicates progress of the replication job.
