---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_watcher"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-watcher"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Watcher instance.
---

# azurerm_watcher

Manage Azure Watcher instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The watcher name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of an Azure Resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `automation_account_name` - (Required) The name of the automation account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The Azure Region where the resource lives Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `description` - (Optional) Gets or sets the description.

* `etag` - (Optional) Gets or sets the etag of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `execution_frequency_in_seconds` - (Optional) Gets or sets the frequency at which the watcher is invoked.

* `script_name` - (Optional) Gets or sets the name of the script the watcher is attached to, i.e. the name of an existing runbook.

* `script_parameters` - (Optional) Gets or sets the parameters of the script.

* `script_run_on` - (Optional) Gets or sets the name of the hybrid worker group the watcher will run on.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `status` - Gets the current status of the watcher.

* `creation_time` - Gets or sets the creation time.

* `last_modified_time` - Gets or sets the last modified time.

* `last_modified_by` - Details of the user who last modified the watcher.

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource.
