---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_disk_encryption_set"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-disk-encryption-set"
description: |-
  Manage Azure DiskEncryptionSet instance.
---

# azurerm_disk_encryption_set

Manage Azure DiskEncryptionSet instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `disk_encryption_set_name` - (Required) The name of the disk encryption set that is being created. The name can't be changed after the disk encryption set is created. Supported characters for the name are a-z, A-Z, 0-9 and _. The maximum name length is 80 characters. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `active_key` - (Optional) One `active_key` block defined below.

* `identity` - (Optional) One `identity` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `active_key` block supports the following:

* `source_vault` - (Required) One `source_vault` block defined below.

* `key_url` - (Required) Url pointing to a key or secret in KeyVault


---

The `source_vault` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Optional) The type of Managed Identity used by the DiskEncryptionSet. Only SystemAssigned is supported. Defaults to `SystemAssigned`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `previous_keys` - One or more `previous_key` block defined below.

* `provisioning_state` - The disk encryption set provisioning state.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type


---

The `previous_key` block contains the following:

* `source_vault` - (Required) One `source_vault` block defined below.

* `key_url` - (Required) Url pointing to a key or secret in KeyVault


---

The `source_vault` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id
