---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_container_group"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-container-group"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ContainerGroup instance.
---

# azurerm_container_group

Manage Azure ContainerGroup instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the container group to be deleted. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the container group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `containers` - (Required) One or more `container` block defined below.

* `os_type` - (Required) The operating system type required by the containers in the container group.

---

The `container` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The user-provided name of the container instance.

* `image` - (Required) The name of the image used to create the container instance.

* `command` - (Optional) The commands to execute within the container instance in exec form.

* `ports` - (Optional) One or more `port` block defined below.

* `environment_variables` - (Optional) One or more `environment_variable` block defined below.

* `resources` - (Required) One `resource` block defined below.

* `volume_mounts` - (Optional) One or more `volume_mount` block defined below.


---

The `port` block supports the following:

* `port` - (Required) The port number exposed within the container group.

---

The `environment_variable` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the environment variable.

* `value` - (Required) The value of the environment variable.

---

The `resource` block supports the following:

* `requests` - (Required) One `request` block defined below.

* `limits` - (Optional) One `limit` block defined below.


---

The `request` block supports the following:

* `memory_in_gb` - (Required) The memory request in GB of this container instance.

* `cpu` - (Required) The CPU request of this container instance.

---

The `limit` block supports the following:

* `memory_in_gb` - (Optional) The memory limit in GB of this container instance.

* `cpu` - (Optional) The CPU limit of this container instance.

---

The `volume_mount` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the volume mount.

* `mount_path` - (Required) The path within the container where the volume should be mounted. Must not contain colon (:).

* `read_only` - (Optional) The flag indicating whether the volume mount is read-only.

* `image_registry_credentials` - (Optional) One or more `image_registry_credential` block defined below.

* `ip_address` - (Optional) One `ip_address` block defined below.

* `restart_policy` - (Optional) Restart policy for all containers within the container group. Currently the only available option is `always`. Defaults to `always`.

* `volumes` - (Optional) One or more `volume` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) The resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `image_registry_credential` block supports the following:

* `server` - (Required) The Docker image registry server without a protocol such as "http" and "https".

* `username` - (Required) The username for the private registry.

* `password` - (Optional) The password for the private registry.

---

The `ip_address` block supports the following:

* `ports` - (Required) One or more `port` block defined below.

* `type` - (Required) Specifies if the IP is exposed to the public internet.

* `ip` - (Optional) The IP exposed to the public internet.


---

The `port` block supports the following:

* `protocol` - (Optional) The protocol associated with the port. Defaults to `TCP`.

* `port` - (Required) The port number.

---

The `volume` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the volume.

* `azure_file` - (Required) One `azure_file` block defined below.


---

The `azure_file` block supports the following:

* `share_name` - (Required) The name of the Azure File share to be mounted as a volume.

* `read_only` - (Optional) The flag indicating whether the Azure File shared mounted as a volume is read-only.

* `storage_account_name` - (Required) The name of the storage account that contains the Azure File share.

* `storage_account_key` - (Optional) The storage account access key used to access the Azure File share.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource id.

* `name` - The resource name.

* `type` - The resource type.
