---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_subscription"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-subscription"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Subscription instance.
---

# azurerm_subscription

Manage Azure Subscription instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `namespace_name` - (Required) The namespace name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `subscription_name` - (Required) The subscription name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `topic_name` - (Required) The topic name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `auto_delete_on_idle` - (Optional) ISO 8061 timeSpan idle interval after which the topic is automatically deleted. The minimum duration is 5 minutes.

* `dead_lettering_on_filter_evaluation_exceptions` - (Optional) Value that indicates whether a subscription has dead letter support on filter evaluation exceptions.

* `dead_lettering_on_message_expiration` - (Optional) Value that indicates whether a subscription has dead letter support when a message expires.

* `default_message_time_to_live` - (Optional) ISO 8061 Default message timespan to live value. This is the duration after which the message expires, starting from when the message is sent to Service Bus. This is the default value used when TimeToLive is not set on a message itself.

* `duplicate_detection_history_time_window` - (Optional) ISO 8601 timeSpan structure that defines the duration of the duplicate detection history. The default value is 10 minutes.

* `enable_batched_operations` - (Optional) Value that indicates whether server-side batched operations are enabled.

* `forward_dead_lettered_messages_to` - (Optional) Queue/Topic name to forward the Dead Letter message

* `forward_to` - (Optional) Queue/Topic name to forward the messages

* `lock_duration` - (Optional) ISO 8061 lock duration timespan for the subscription. The default value is 1 minute.

* `max_delivery_count` - (Optional) Number of maximum deliveries.

* `requires_session` - (Optional) Value indicating if a subscription supports the concept of sessions.

* `status` - (Optional) Enumerates the possible values for the status of a messaging entity. Defaults to `Active`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `message_count` - Number of messages.

* `created_at` - Exact time the message was created.

* `accessed_at` - Last time there was a receive request to this subscription.

* `updated_at` - The exact time the message was updated.

* `count_details` - One `count_detail` block defined below.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type


---

The `count_detail` block contains the following:

* `active_message_count` - (Optional) Number of active messages in the queue, topic, or subscription.

* `dead_letter_message_count` - (Optional) Number of messages that are dead lettered.

* `scheduled_message_count` - (Optional) Number of scheduled messages.

* `transfer_message_count` - (Optional) Number of messages transferred to another queue, topic, or subscription.

* `transfer_dead_letter_message_count` - (Optional) Number of messages transferred into dead letters.
