---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_virtual_machine"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-virtual-machine"
description: |-
  Manage Azure VirtualMachine instance.
---

# azurerm_virtual_machine

Manage Azure VirtualMachine instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Azure region Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `amount_of_ram` - (Required) The amount of memory

* `number_of_cores` - (Required) The number of CPU cores

* `private_cloud_id` - (Required) Private Cloud Id

* `referer` - (Required) referer url Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `virtual_machine_name` - (Required) virtual machine name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `customization` - (Optional) One `customization` block defined below.

* `disks` - (Optional) One or more `disk` block defined below.

* `expose_to_guest_vm` - (Optional) Expose Guest OS or not

* `nics` - (Optional) One or more `nic` block defined below.

* `password` - (Optional) Password for login. Deprecated - use customization property

* `resource_pool` - (Optional) One `resource_pool` block defined below.

* `template_id` - (Optional) Virtual Machine Template Id

* `username` - (Optional) Username for login. Deprecated - use customization property

* `v_sphere_networks` - (Optional) The list of Virtual VSphere Networks

* `tags` - (Optional) The list of tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `customization` block supports the following:

* `dns_servers` - (Optional) List of dns servers to use

* `host_name` - (Optional) Virtual Machine hostname

* `password` - (Optional) Password for login

* `policy_id` - (Optional) id of customization policy

* `username` - (Optional) Username for login

---

The `disk` block supports the following:

* `controller_id` - (Required) Disk's Controller id

* `independence_mode` - (Required) Disk's independence mode type

* `total_size` - (Required) Disk's total size

* `virtual_disk_id` - (Optional) Disk's id

---

The `nic` block supports the following:

* `customization` - (Optional) One `customization` block defined below.

* `ip_addresses` - (Optional) NIC ip address

* `mac_address` - (Optional) NIC MAC address

* `network` - (Required) One `network` block defined below.

* `nic_type` - (Required) NIC type

* `power_on_boot` - (Optional) Is NIC powered on/off on boot

* `virtual_nic_id` - (Optional) NIC id


---

The `customization` block supports the following:

* `allocation` - (Optional) IP address allocation method Defaults to `static`.

* `dns_servers` - (Optional) List of dns servers to use

* `gateway` - (Optional) Gateway addresses assigned to nic

* `ip_address` - (Optional) Static ip address for nic

* `mask` - (Optional) Network mask for nic

* `primary_wins_server` - (Optional) primary WINS server for Windows

* `secondary_wins_server` - (Optional) secondary WINS server for Windows

---

The `network` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Required) virtual network id (privateCloudId:vsphereId)

---

The `resource_pool` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Required) resource pool id (privateCloudId:vsphereId)

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `controllers` - One or more `controller` block defined below.

* `dnsname` - The DNS name of Virtual Machine in VCenter

* `folder` - The path to virtual machine folder in VCenter

* `guest_os` - The name of Guest OS

* `guest_ostype` - The Guest OS type

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning status of the resource

* `public_ip` - The public ip of Virtual Machine

* `status` - The status of Virtual machine

* `vm_id` - The internal id of Virtual Machine in VCenter

* `vmwaretools` - VMware tools version

* `id` - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/virtualMachines/{virtualMachineName}

* `name` - {virtualMachineName}

* `type` - {resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}


---

The `controller` block contains the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Controller's id

* `name` - (Optional) The display name of Controller

* `sub_type` - (Optional) dik controller subtype (VMWARE_PARAVIRTUAL, BUS_PARALLEL, LSI_PARALLEL, LSI_SAS)

* `type` - (Optional) disk controller type (SCSI)
