---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_share"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-share"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Share instance.
---

# azurerm_share

Manage Azure Share instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The device name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Required) The share name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `access_protocol` - (Required) Access protocol to be used by the share.

* `monitoring_status` - (Required) Current monitoring status of the share.

* `share_status` - (Required) Current status of the share.

* `azure_container_info` - (Optional) One `azure_container_info` block defined below.

* `client_access_rights` - (Optional) One or more `client_access_right` block defined below.

* `data_policy` - (Optional) Data policy of the share. Defaults to `Cloud`.

* `description` - (Optional) Description for the share.

* `refresh_details` - (Optional) One `refresh_detail` block defined below.

* `user_access_rights` - (Optional) One or more `user_access_right` block defined below.

---

The `azure_container_info` block supports the following:

* `storage_account_credential_id` - (Required) ID of the storage account credential used to access storage.

* `container_name` - (Required) Container name (Based on the data format specified, this represents the name of Azure Files/Page blob/Block blob).

* `data_format` - (Required) Storage format used for the file represented by the share.

---

The `client_access_right` block supports the following:

* `client` - (Required) IP of the client.

* `access_permission` - (Required) Type of access to be allowed for the client.

---

The `refresh_detail` block supports the following:

* `in_progress_refresh_job_id` - (Optional) If a refresh share job is currently in progress on this share, this field indicates the ARM resource ID of that job. The field is empty if no job is in progress.

* `last_completed_refresh_job_time_in_utc` - (Optional) Indicates the completed time for the last refresh job on this particular share, if any.This could be a failed job or a successful job.

* `error_manifest_file` - (Optional) Indicates the relative path of the error xml for the last refresh job on this particular share, if any. This could be a failed job or a successful job.

* `last_job` - (Optional) Indicates the id of the last refresh job on this particular share,if any. This could be a failed job or a successful job.

---

The `user_access_right` block supports the following:

* `user_id` - (Required) User ID (already existing in the device).

* `access_type` - (Required) Type of access to be allowed for the user.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `share_mappings` - One or more `share_mapping` block defined below.

* `id` - The path ID that uniquely identifies the object.

* `name` - The object name.

* `type` - The hierarchical type of the object.


---

The `share_mapping` block contains the following:

* `share_id` - ID of the share mounted to the role VM.

* `role_id` - ID of the role to which share is mounted.

* `mount_point` - Mount point for the share.

* `role_type` - Role type.
