---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_zone"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-zone"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Zone instance.
---

# azurerm_zone

Manage Azure Zone instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the DNS zone (without a terminating dot). Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `etag` - (Optional) The etag of the zone. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `registration_virtual_networks` - (Optional) One or more `registration_virtual_network` block defined below.

* `resolution_virtual_networks` - (Optional) One or more `resolution_virtual_network` block defined below.

* `zone_type` - (Optional) The type of this DNS zone (Public or Private). Defaults to `Public`.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `registration_virtual_network` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id.

---

The `resolution_virtual_network` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `max_number_of_record_sets` - The maximum number of record sets that can be created in this DNS zone.  This is a read-only property and any attempt to set this value will be ignored.

* `number_of_record_sets` - The current number of record sets in this DNS zone.  This is a read-only property and any attempt to set this value will be ignored.

* `name_servers` - The name servers for this DNS zone. This is a read-only property and any attempt to set this value will be ignored.

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
