---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_wcf_relay"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-wcf-relay"
description: |-
  Manage Azure WCFRelay instance.
---

# azurerm_wcf_relay

Manage Azure WCFRelay instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `namespace_name` - (Required) The namespace name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `relay_name` - (Required) The relay name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `relay_type` - (Optional) WCF relay type. Defaults to `NetTcp`.

* `requires_client_authorization` - (Optional) Returns true if client authorization is needed for this relay; otherwise, false.

* `requires_transport_security` - (Optional) Returns true if transport security is needed for this relay; otherwise, false.

* `user_metadata` - (Optional) The usermetadata is a placeholder to store user-defined string data for the WCF Relay endpoint. For example, it can be used to store descriptive data, such as list of teams and their contact information. Also, user-defined configuration settings can be stored.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `is_dynamic` - Returns true if the relay is dynamic; otherwise, false.

* `created_at` - The time the WCF relay was created.

* `updated_at` - The time the namespace was updated.

* `listener_count` - The number of listeners for this relay. Note that min :1 and max:25 are supported.

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
