---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_diagnostic_setting"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-diagnostic-setting"
description: |-
  Manage Azure DiagnosticSetting instance.
---

# azurerm_diagnostic_setting

Manage Azure DiagnosticSetting instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the diagnostic setting. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_uri` - (Required) The identifier of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `event_hub_authorization_rule_id` - (Optional) The resource Id for the event hub authorization rule.

* `event_hub_name` - (Optional) The name of the event hub. If none is specified, the default event hub will be selected.

* `log_analytics_destination_type` - (Optional) A string indicating whether the export to Log Analytics should use the default destination type, i.e. AzureDiagnostics, or use a destination type constructed as follows: <normalized service identity>_<normalized category name>. Possible values are: Dedicated and null (null is default.)

* `logs` - (Optional) One or more `log` block defined below.

* `metrics` - (Optional) One or more `metric` block defined below.

* `service_bus_rule_id` - (Optional) The service bus rule Id of the diagnostic setting. This is here to maintain backwards compatibility.

* `storage_account_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the storage account to which you would like to send Diagnostic Logs.

* `workspace_id` - (Optional) The full ARM resource ID of the Log Analytics workspace to which you would like to send Diagnostic Logs. Example: /subscriptions/4b9e8510-67ab-4e9a-95a9-e2f1e570ea9c/resourceGroups/insights-integration/providers/Microsoft.OperationalInsights/workspaces/viruela2

---

The `log` block supports the following:

* `category` - (Optional) Name of a Diagnostic Log category for a resource type this setting is applied to. To obtain the list of Diagnostic Log categories for a resource, first perform a GET diagnostic settings operation.

* `enabled` - (Required) a value indicating whether this log is enabled.

* `retention_policy` - (Optional) One `retention_policy` block defined below.


---

The `retention_policy` block supports the following:

* `enabled` - (Required) a value indicating whether the retention policy is enabled.

* `days` - (Required) the number of days for the retention in days. A value of 0 will retain the events indefinitely.

---

The `metric` block supports the following:

* `time_grain` - (Optional) the timegrain of the metric in ISO8601 format.

* `category` - (Optional) Name of a Diagnostic Metric category for a resource type this setting is applied to. To obtain the list of Diagnostic metric categories for a resource, first perform a GET diagnostic settings operation.

* `enabled` - (Required) a value indicating whether this category is enabled.

* `retention_policy` - (Optional) One `retention_policy` block defined below.


---

The `retention_policy` block supports the following:

* `enabled` - (Required) a value indicating whether the retention policy is enabled.

* `days` - (Required) the number of days for the retention in days. A value of 0 will retain the events indefinitely.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Azure resource Id

* `type` - Azure resource type
