---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_express_route_circuit_connection"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-express-route-circuit-connection"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ExpressRouteCircuitConnection instance.
---

# azurerm_express_route_circuit_connection

Manage Azure ExpressRouteCircuitConnection instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the express route circuit connection. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `circuit_name` - (Required) The name of the express route circuit. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `peering_name` - (Required) The name of the peering. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) Gets name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `address_prefix` - (Optional) /29 IP address space to carve out Customer addresses for tunnels.

* `authorization_key` - (Optional) The authorization key.

* `express_route_circuit_peering` - (Optional) One `express_route_circuit_peering` block defined below.

* `peer_express_route_circuit_peering` - (Optional) One `peer_express_route_circuit_peering` block defined below.

---

The `express_route_circuit_peering` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

---

The `peer_express_route_circuit_peering` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `circuit_connection_status` - Express Route Circuit Connection State. Possible values are: 'Connected' and 'Disconnected'.

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning state of the circuit connection resource. Possible values are: 'Succeeded', 'Updating', 'Deleting', and 'Failed'.

* `etag` - A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated.
