---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_custom_domain"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-custom-domain"
description: |-
  Manage Azure CustomDomain instance.
---

# azurerm_custom_domain

Manage Azure CustomDomain instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the custom domain within an endpoint. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `endpoint_name` - (Required) Name of the endpoint under the profile which is unique globally. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `host_name` - (Required) The host name of the custom domain. Must be a domain name.

* `profile_name` - (Required) Name of the CDN profile which is unique within the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `protocol_type` - (Required) Defines the TLS extension protocol that is used for secure delivery. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `resource_state` - Resource status of the custom domain.

* `custom_https_provisioning_state` - Provisioning status of Custom Https of the custom domain.

* `custom_https_provisioning_substate` - Provisioning substate shows the progress of custom HTTPS enabling/disabling process step by step.

* `validation_data` - Special validation or data may be required when delivering CDN to some regions due to local compliance reasons. E.g. ICP license number of a custom domain is required to deliver content in China.

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning status of the custom domain.

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
