---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_component"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-component"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Component instance.
---

# azurerm_component

Manage Azure Component instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Application Insights component resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `application_type` - (Required) Type of application being monitored.

* `kind` - (Required) The kind of application that this component refers to, used to customize UI. This value is a freeform string, values should typically be one of the following: web, ios, other, store, java, phone. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `flow_type` - (Optional) Used by the Application Insights system to determine what kind of flow this component was created by. This is to be set to 'Bluefield' when creating/updating a component via the REST API. Defaults to `Bluefield`.

* `hockey_app_id` - (Optional) The unique application ID created when a new application is added to HockeyApp, used for communications with HockeyApp.

* `request_source` - (Optional) Describes what tool created this Application Insights component. Customers using this API should set this to the default 'rest'. Defaults to `rest`.

* `sampling_percentage` - (Optional) Percentage of the data produced by the application being monitored that is being sampled for Application Insights telemetry.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `application_id` - The unique ID of your application. This field mirrors the 'Name' field and cannot be changed.

* `app_id` - Application Insights Unique ID for your Application.

* `instrumentation_key` - Application Insights Instrumentation key. A read-only value that applications can use to identify the destination for all telemetry sent to Azure Application Insights. This value will be supplied upon construction of each new Application Insights component.

* `creation_date` - Creation Date for the Application Insights component, in ISO 8601 format.

* `tenant_id` - Azure Tenant Id.

* `hockey_app_token` - Token used to authenticate communications with between Application Insights and HockeyApp.

* `provisioning_state` - Current state of this component: whether or not is has been provisioned within the resource group it is defined. Users cannot change this value but are able to read from it. Values will include Succeeded, Deploying, Canceled, and Failed.

* `id` - Azure resource Id

* `name` - Azure resource name

* `type` - Azure resource type
