---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_assessment"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-assessment"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Assessment instance.
---

# azurerm_assessment

Manage Azure Assessment instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Unique name of an assessment within a project. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the Azure Resource Group that project is part of. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `azure_hybrid_use_benefit` - (Required) AHUB discount on windows virtual machines.

* `azure_location` - (Required) Target Azure location for which the machines should be assessed. These enums are the same as used by Compute API.

* `azure_offer_code` - (Required) Offer code according to which cost estimation is done.

* `azure_pricing_tier` - (Required) Pricing tier for Size evaluation.

* `azure_storage_redundancy` - (Required) Storage Redundancy type offered by Azure.

* `currency` - (Required) Currency to report prices in.

* `discount_percentage` - (Required) Custom discount percentage to be applied on final costs. Can be in the range [0, 100].

* `group_name` - (Required) Unique name of a group within a project. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `percentile` - (Required) Percentile of performance data used to recommend Azure size.

* `project_name` - (Required) Name of the Azure Migrate project. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `scaling_factor` - (Required) Scaling factor used over utilization data to add a performance buffer for new machines to be created in Azure. Min Value = 1.0, Max value = 1.9, Default = 1.3.

* `sizing_criterion` - (Required) Assessment sizing criterion.

* `stage` - (Required) User configurable setting that describes the status of the assessment.

* `time_range` - (Required) Time range of performance data used to recommend a size.

* `e_tag` - (Optional) For optimistic concurrency control. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Path reference to this assessment. /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Migrate/projects/{projectName}/groups/{groupName}/assessment/{assessmentName}

* `name` - Unique name of an assessment.

* `type` - Type of the object = [Microsoft.Migrate/projects/groups/assessments].
