---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_module"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-module"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Module instance.
---

# azurerm_module

Manage Azure Module instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of module. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of an Azure Resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `automation_account_name` - (Required) The name of the automation account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `content_link` - (Required) One `content_link` block defined below.

---

The `content_link` block supports the following:

* `uri` - (Optional) Gets or sets the uri of the runbook content.

* `content_hash` - (Optional) One `content_hash` block defined below.

* `version` - (Optional) Gets or sets the version of the content.


---

The `content_hash` block supports the following:

* `algorithm` - (Required) Gets or sets the content hash algorithm used to hash the content.

* `value` - (Required) Gets or sets expected hash value of the content.

* `name` - (Optional) Gets or sets name of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Gets or sets the location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) Gets or sets the tags attached to the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `is_global` - Gets or sets the isGlobal flag of the module.

* `version` - Gets or sets the version of the module.

* `size_in_bytes` - Gets or sets the size in bytes of the module.

* `activity_count` - Gets or sets the activity count of the module.

* `provisioning_state` - Gets or sets the provisioning state of the module.

* `error` - One `error` block defined below.

* `creation_time` - Gets or sets the creation time.

* `last_modified_time` - Gets or sets the last modified time.

* `description` - Gets or sets the description.

* `is_composite` - Gets or sets type of module, if its composite or not.

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource.

* `etag` - Gets or sets the etag of the resource.


---

The `error` block contains the following:

* `code` - (Optional) Gets or sets the error code.

* `message` - (Optional) Gets or sets the error message.
