---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_lab"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-lab"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Lab instance.
---

# azurerm_lab

Manage Azure Lab instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the lab. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `announcement` - (Optional) One `announcement` block defined below.

* `environment_permission` - (Optional) The access rights to be granted to the user when provisioning an environment Defaults to `Reader`.

* `extended_properties` - (Optional) Extended properties of the lab used for experimental features

* `lab_storage_type` - (Optional) Type of storage used by the lab. It can be either Premium or Standard. Default is Premium. Defaults to `Standard`.

* `mandatory_artifacts_resource_ids_linux` - (Optional) The ordered list of artifact resource IDs that should be applied on all Linux VM creations by default, prior to the artifacts specified by the user.

* `mandatory_artifacts_resource_ids_windows` - (Optional) The ordered list of artifact resource IDs that should be applied on all Windows VM creations by default, prior to the artifacts specified by the user.

* `premium_data_disks` - (Optional) The setting to enable usage of premium data disks.<br>When its value is 'Enabled', creation of standard or premium data disks is allowed.<br>When its value is 'Disabled', only creation of standard data disks is allowed. Defaults to `Disabled`.

* `support` - (Optional) One `support` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `announcement` block supports the following:

* `title` - (Optional) The plain text title for the lab announcement

* `markdown` - (Optional) The markdown text (if any) that this lab displays in the UI. If left empty/null, nothing will be shown.

* `enabled` - (Optional) Is the lab announcement active/enabled at this time? Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `expiration_date` - (Optional) The time at which the announcement expires (null for never)

* `expired` - (Optional) Has this announcement expired?

---

The `support` block supports the following:

* `enabled` - (Optional) Is the lab support banner active/enabled at this time? Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `markdown` - (Optional) The markdown text (if any) that this lab displays in the UI. If left empty/null, nothing will be shown.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `default_storage_account` - The lab's default storage account.

* `default_premium_storage_account` - The lab's default premium storage account.

* `artifacts_storage_account` - The lab's artifact storage account.

* `premium_data_disk_storage_account` - The lab's premium data disk storage account.

* `vault_name` - The lab's Key vault.

* `created_date` - The creation date of the lab.

* `vm_creation_resource_group` - The resource group in which all new lab virtual machines will be created. To let DevTest Labs manage resource group creation, set this value to null.

* `public_ip_id` - The public IP address for the lab's load balancer.

* `load_balancer_id` - The load balancer used to for lab VMs that use shared IP address.

* `network_security_group_id` - The Network Security Group attached to the lab VMs Network interfaces to restrict open ports.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning status of the resource.

* `unique_identifier` - The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
