---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_cloud_endpoint"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-cloud-endpoint"
description: |-
  Manage Azure CloudEndpoint instance.
---

# azurerm_cloud_endpoint

Manage Azure CloudEndpoint instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of Cloud Endpoint object. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `storage_sync_service_name` - (Required) Name of Storage Sync Service resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sync_group_name` - (Required) Name of Sync Group resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `azure_file_share_name` - (Optional) Azure file share name

* `storage_account_resource_id` - (Optional) Storage Account Resource Id

* `storage_account_tenant_id` - (Optional) Storage Account Tenant Id

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `partnership_id` - Partnership Id

* `friendly_name` - Friendly Name

* `backup_enabled` - Backup Enabled

* `provisioning_state` - CloudEndpoint Provisioning State

* `last_workflow_id` - CloudEndpoint lastWorkflowId

* `last_operation_name` - Resource Last Operation Name

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.
