---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_redi"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-redi"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Redi instance.
---

# azurerm_redi

Manage Azure Redi instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Redis cache. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The geo-location where the resource lives Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `container` - (Required) Container name to export to. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `files` - (Required) files to import. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `key_type` - (Required) The Redis access key to regenerate. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `prefix` - (Required) Prefix to use for exported files. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `reboot_type` - (Required) Which Redis node(s) to reboot. Depending on this value data loss is possible. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `enable_non_ssl_port` - (Optional) Specifies whether the non-ssl Redis server port (6379) is enabled.

* `format` - (Optional) File format. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `redis_configuration` - (Optional) All Redis Settings. Few possible keys: rdb-backup-enabled,rdb-storage-connection-string,rdb-backup-frequency,maxmemory-delta,maxmemory-policy,notify-keyspace-events,maxmemory-samples,slowlog-log-slower-than,slowlog-max-len,list-max-ziplist-entries,list-max-ziplist-value,hash-max-ziplist-entries,hash-max-ziplist-value,set-max-intset-entries,zset-max-ziplist-entries,zset-max-ziplist-value etc.

* `shard_count` - (Optional) The number of shards to be created on a Premium Cluster Cache.

* `shard_id` - (Optional) If clustering is enabled, the ID of the shard to be rebooted. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `static_ip` - (Optional) Static IP address. Required when deploying a Redis cache inside an existing Azure Virtual Network.

* `subnet_id` - (Optional) The full resource ID of a subnet in a virtual network to deploy the Redis cache in. Example format: /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/Microsoft.{Network|ClassicNetwork}/VirtualNetworks/vnet1/subnets/subnet1

* `tenant_settings` - (Optional) tenantSettings

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The type of Redis cache to deploy. Valid values: (Basic, Standard, Premium)

* `family` - (Required) The SKU family to use. Valid values: (C, P). (C = Basic/Standard, P = Premium).

* `capacity` - (Required) The size of the Redis cache to deploy. Valid values: for C (Basic/Standard) family (0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6), for P (Premium) family (1, 2, 3, 4).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `redis_version` - Redis version.

* `provisioning_state` - Redis instance provisioning status.

* `host_name` - Redis host name.

* `port` - Redis non-SSL port.

* `ssl_port` - Redis SSL port.

* `access_keys` - One `access_key` block defined below.

* `linked_servers` - One `linked_server` block defined below.

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.


---

The `access_key` block contains the following:

* `primary_key` - The current primary key that clients can use to authenticate with Redis cache.

* `secondary_key` - The current secondary key that clients can use to authenticate with Redis cache.

---

The `linked_server` block contains the following:

* `value` - One or more `value` block defined below.


---

The `value` block contains the following:

* `id` - Linked server Id.
