---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_database"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-database"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Database instance.
---

# azurerm_database

Manage Azure Database instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group containing the Kusto cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The geo-location where the resource lives Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `cluster_name` - (Required) The name of the Kusto cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `database_name` - (Required) The name of the database in the Kusto cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `soft_delete_period_in_days` - (Required) The number of days data should be kept before it stops being accessible to queries.

* `hot_cache_period_in_days` - (Optional) The number of days of data that should be kept in cache for fast queries.

* `statistics` - (Optional) One `statistic` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `statistic` block supports the following:

* `size` - (Optional) The database size - the total size of compressed data and index in bytes.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioned state of the resource.

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.

* `etag` - An ETag of the resource created.
