---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_job"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-job"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Job instance.
---

# azurerm_job

Manage Azure Job instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The Job name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `account_name` - (Required) The Media Services account name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `outputs` - (Required) One or more `output` block defined below.

* `transform_name` - (Required) The Transform name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `output` block supports the following:

* `label` - (Optional) A label that is assigned to a JobOutput in order to help uniquely identify it. This is useful when your Transform has more than one TransformOutput, whereby your Job has more than one JobOutput. In such cases, when you submit the Job, you will add two or more JobOutputs, in the same order as TransformOutputs in the Transform. Subsequently, when you retrieve the Job, either through events or on a GET request, you can use the label to easily identify the JobOutput. If a label is not provided, a default value of '{presetName}_{outputIndex}' will be used, where the preset name is the name of the preset in the corresponding TransformOutput and the output index is the relative index of the this JobOutput within the Job. Note that this index is the same as the relative index of the corresponding TransformOutput within its Transform.

* `correlation_data` - (Optional) Customer provided key, value pairs that will be returned in Job and JobOutput state events.

* `description` - (Optional) Optional customer supplied description of the Job.

* `priority` - (Optional) Priority with which the job should be processed. Higher priority jobs are processed before lower priority jobs. If not set, the default is normal. Defaults to `Low`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `created` - The UTC date and time when the Job was created, in 'YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssZ' format.

* `state` - The current state of the job.

* `last_modified` - The UTC date and time when the Job was last updated, in 'YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssZ' format.

* `id` - Fully qualified resource ID for the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
