---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_live_output"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-live-output"
description: |-
  Manage Azure LiveOutput instance.
---

# azurerm_live_output

Manage Azure LiveOutput instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Live Output. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `account_name` - (Required) The Media Services account name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `archive_window_length` - (Required) ISO 8601 timespan duration of the archive window length. This is duration that customer want to retain the recorded content.

* `asset_name` - (Required) The asset name.

* `live_event_name` - (Required) The name of the Live Event. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the Live Output.

* `hls` - (Optional) One `hl` block defined below.

* `manifest_name` - (Optional) The manifest file name.  If not provided, the service will generate one automatically.

* `output_snap_time` - (Optional) The output snapshot time.

---

The `hl` block supports the following:

* `fragments_per_ts_segment` - (Optional) The amount of fragments per HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) segment.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `created` - The exact time the Live Output was created.

* `last_modified` - The exact time the Live Output was last modified.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the Live Output.

* `resource_state` - The resource state of the Live Output.

* `id` - Fully qualified resource ID for the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
