---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_published_blueprint"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-published-blueprint"
description: |-
  Manage Azure PublishedBlueprint instance.
---

# azurerm_published_blueprint

Manage Azure PublishedBlueprint instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the blueprint definition. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `scope` - (Required) The scope of the resource. Valid scopes are: management group (format: '/providers/Microsoft.Management/managementGroups/{managementGroup}'), subscription (format: '/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}'). For blueprint assignments management group scope is reserved for future use. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `version_id` - (Required) Version of the published blueprint definition. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `blueprint_name` - (Optional) Name of the published blueprint definition.

* `change_notes` - (Optional) Version-specific change notes.

* `description` - (Optional) Multi-line explain this resource.

* `display_name` - (Optional) One-liner string explain this resource.

* `parameters` - (Optional) Parameters required by this blueprint definition.

* `resource_groups` - (Optional) Resource group placeholders defined by this blueprint definition.

* `target_scope` - (Optional) The scope where this blueprint definition can be assigned. Defaults to `subscription`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `status` - One `status` block defined below.

* `id` - String Id used to locate any resource on Azure.

* `type` - Type of this resource.

* `name` - Name of this resource.


---

The `status` block contains the following:

* `time_created` - (Optional) Creation time of this blueprint definition.

* `last_modified` - (Optional) Last modified time of this blueprint definition.
