---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_global_schedule"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-global-schedule"
description: |-
  Manage Azure GlobalSchedule instance.
---

# azurerm_global_schedule

Manage Azure GlobalSchedule instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the schedule. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `current_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource Id of the virtual machine on which the schedule operates Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `daily_recurrence` - (Optional) One `daily_recurrence` block defined below.

* `hourly_recurrence` - (Optional) One `hourly_recurrence` block defined below.

* `notification_settings` - (Optional) One `notification_setting` block defined below.

* `status` - (Optional) The status of the schedule (i.e. Enabled, Disabled) Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `target_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID to which the schedule belongs

* `target_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource Id of the virtual machine that the schedule should be retargeted to Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `task_type` - (Optional) The task type of the schedule (e.g. LabVmsShutdownTask, LabVmAutoStart).

* `time_zone_id` - (Optional) The time zone ID (e.g. Pacific Standard time).

* `weekly_recurrence` - (Optional) One `weekly_recurrence` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `daily_recurrence` block supports the following:

* `time` - (Optional) The time of day the schedule will occur.

---

The `hourly_recurrence` block supports the following:

* `minute` - (Optional) Minutes of the hour the schedule will run.

---

The `notification_setting` block supports the following:

* `status` - (Optional) If notifications are enabled for this schedule (i.e. Enabled, Disabled). Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `time_in_minutes` - (Optional) Time in minutes before event at which notification will be sent.

* `webhook_url` - (Optional) The webhook URL to which the notification will be sent.

* `email_recipient` - (Optional) The email recipient to send notifications to (can be a list of semi-colon separated email addresses).

* `notification_locale` - (Optional) The locale to use when sending a notification (fallback for unsupported languages is EN).

---

The `weekly_recurrence` block supports the following:

* `weekdays` - (Optional) The days of the week for which the schedule is set (e.g. Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, etc.).

* `time` - (Optional) The time of the day the schedule will occur.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
