---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_p2s_vpn_gateway"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-p2s-vpn-gateway"
description: |-
  Manage Azure P2sVpnGateway instance.
---

# azurerm_p2s_vpn_gateway

Manage Azure P2sVpnGateway instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the gateway. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name of the P2SVpnGateway. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `p2svpn_server_configuration` - (Optional) One `p2svpn_server_configuration` block defined below.

* `virtual_hub` - (Optional) One `virtual_hub` block defined below.

* `vpn_client_address_pool` - (Optional) One `vpn_client_address_pool` block defined below.

* `vpn_gateway_scale_unit` - (Optional) The scale unit for this p2s vpn gateway.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `p2svpn_server_configuration` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

---

The `virtual_hub` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

---

The `vpn_client_address_pool` block supports the following:

* `address_prefixes` - (Optional) A list of address blocks reserved for this virtual network in CIDR notation.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the resource.

* `vpn_client_connection_health` - One `vpn_client_connection_health` block defined below.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.

* `etag` - Gets a unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated.


---

The `vpn_client_connection_health` block contains the following:

* `total_ingress_bytes_transferred` - (Optional) Total of the Ingress Bytes Transferred in this P2S Vpn connection

* `total_egress_bytes_transferred` - (Optional) Total of the Egress Bytes Transferred in this connection

* `vpn_client_connections_count` - (Optional) The total of p2s vpn clients connected at this time to this P2SVpnGateway.

* `allocated_ip_addresses` - (Optional) List of allocated ip addresses to the connected p2s vpn clients.
