---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_account"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-account"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Account instance.
---

# azurerm_account

Manage Azure Account instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the machine learning team account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group to which the machine learning team account belongs. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The location of the resource. This cannot be changed after the resource is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `description` - (Optional) The description of this workspace.

* `friendly_name` - (Optional) The friendly name for this workspace. This will be the workspace name in the arm id when the workspace object gets created

* `seats` - (Optional) The no of users/seats who can access this team account. This property defines the charge on the team account.

* `storage_account_key` - (Optional) The key for storage account associated with this team account

* `tags` - (Optional) The resource tags for the machine learning team account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `vso_account_id` - The fully qualified arm id of the vso account to be used for this team account.

* `account_id` - The immutable id associated with this team account.

* `key_vault_id` - The fully qualified arm id of the user key vault.

* `discovery_uri` - The uri for this machine learning team account.

* `creation_date` - The creation date of the machine learning team account in ISO8601 format.

* `storage_account` - One `storage_account` block defined below.

* `provisioning_state` - The current deployment state of team account resource. The provisioningState is to indicate states for resource provisioning.

* `id` - The resource ID.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.


---

The `storage_account` block contains the following:

* `storage_account_id` - The fully qualified arm Id of the storage account.

* `access_key` - The access key to the storage account.
