---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_virtual_network_peering"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-virtual-network-peering"
description: |-
  Manage Azure VirtualNetworkPeering instance.
---

# azurerm_virtual_network_peering

Manage Azure VirtualNetworkPeering instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `virtual_network_name` - (Required) The name of the virtual network. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `virtual_network_peering_name` - (Required) The name of the peering. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `allow_forwarded_traffic` - (Optional) Whether the forwarded traffic from the VMs in the remote virtual network will be allowed/disallowed.

* `allow_gateway_transit` - (Optional) If gateway links can be used in remote virtual networking to link to this virtual network.

* `allow_virtual_network_access` - (Optional) Whether the VMs in the linked virtual network space would be able to access all the VMs in local Virtual network space.

* `etag` - (Optional) A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `peering_state` - (Optional) The status of the virtual network peering. Possible values are 'Initiated', 'Connected', and 'Disconnected'. Defaults to `Initiated`.

* `remote_address_space` - (Optional) One `remote_address_space` block defined below.

* `remote_virtual_network` - (Optional) One `remote_virtual_network` block defined below.

* `use_remote_gateways` - (Optional) If remote gateways can be used on this virtual network. If the flag is set to true, and allowGatewayTransit on remote peering is also true, virtual network will use gateways of remote virtual network for transit. Only one peering can have this flag set to true. This flag cannot be set if virtual network already has a gateway.

---

The `remote_address_space` block supports the following:

* `address_prefixes` - (Optional) A list of address blocks reserved for this virtual network in CIDR notation.

---

The `remote_virtual_network` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the resource.
