---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_queue"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-queue"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Queue instance.
---

# azurerm_queue

Manage Azure Queue instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `namespace_name` - (Required) The namespace name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `queue_name` - (Required) The queue name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) Queue name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `auto_delete_on_idle` - (Optional) the TimeSpan idle interval after which the queue is automatically deleted. The minimum duration is 5 minutes.

* `dead_lettering_on_message_expiration` - (Optional) A value that indicates whether this queue has dead letter support when a message expires.

* `default_message_time_to_live` - (Optional) The default message time to live value. This is the duration after which the message expires, starting from when the message is sent to Service Bus. This is the default value used when TimeToLive is not set on a message itself.

* `duplicate_detection_history_time_window` - (Optional) TimeSpan structure that defines the duration of the duplicate detection history. The default value is 10 minutes.

* `enable_batched_operations` - (Optional) A value that indicates whether server-side batched operations are enabled.

* `enable_express` - (Optional) A value that indicates whether Express Entities are enabled. An express queue holds a message in memory temporarily before writing it to persistent storage.

* `enable_partitioning` - (Optional) A value that indicates whether the queue is to be partitioned across multiple message brokers.

* `entity_availability_status` - (Optional) Entity availability status for the queue. Defaults to `Available`.

* `is_anonymous_accessible` - (Optional) A value that indicates whether the message is accessible anonymously.

* `lock_duration` - (Optional) The duration of a peek-lock; that is, the amount of time that the message is locked for other receivers. The maximum value for LockDuration is 5 minutes; the default value is 1 minute.

* `max_delivery_count` - (Optional) The maximum delivery count. A message is automatically deadlettered after this number of deliveries.

* `max_size_in_megabytes` - (Optional) The maximum size of the queue in megabytes, which is the size of memory allocated for the queue.

* `requires_duplicate_detection` - (Optional) A value indicating if this queue requires duplicate detection.

* `requires_session` - (Optional) A value that indicates whether the queue supports the concept of sessions.

* `status` - (Optional) Enumerates the possible values for the status of a messaging entity. Defaults to `Active`.

* `support_ordering` - (Optional) A value that indicates whether the queue supports ordering.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `accessed_at` - Last time a message was sent, or the last time there was a receive request to this queue.

* `created_at` - The exact time the message was created.

* `message_count` - The number of messages in the queue.

* `count_details` - One `count_detail` block defined below.

* `size_in_bytes` - The size of the queue, in bytes.

* `updated_at` - The exact time the message was updated.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `type` - Resource type


---

The `count_detail` block contains the following:

* `active_message_count` - (Optional) Number of active messages in the queue, topic, or subscription.

* `dead_letter_message_count` - (Optional) Number of messages that are dead lettered.

* `scheduled_message_count` - (Optional) Number of scheduled messages.

* `transfer_dead_letter_message_count` - (Optional) Number of messages transferred into dead letters.

* `transfer_message_count` - (Optional) Number of messages transferred to another queue, topic, or subscription.
