---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_virtual_network"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-virtual-network"
description: |-
  Manage Azure VirtualNetwork instance.
---

# azurerm_virtual_network

Manage Azure VirtualNetwork instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the lab. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the virtual network. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `allowed_subnets` - (Optional) One or more `allowed_subnet` block defined below.

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the virtual network.

* `external_provider_resource_id` - (Optional) The Microsoft.Network resource identifier of the virtual network.

* `external_subnets` - (Optional) One or more `external_subnet` block defined below.

* `subnet_overrides` - (Optional) One or more `subnet_override` block defined below.

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `allowed_subnet` block supports the following:

* `resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the subnet.

* `lab_subnet_name` - (Optional) The name of the subnet as seen in the lab.

* `allow_public_ip` - (Optional) The permission policy of the subnet for allowing public IP addresses (i.e. Allow, Deny)). Defaults to `Default`.

---

The `external_subnet` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Gets or sets the identifier.

* `name` - (Optional) Gets or sets the name.

---

The `subnet_override` block supports the following:

* `resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the subnet.

* `lab_subnet_name` - (Optional) The name given to the subnet within the lab.

* `use_in_vm_creation_permission` - (Optional) Indicates whether this subnet can be used during virtual machine creation (i.e. Allow, Deny). Defaults to `Default`.

* `use_public_ip_address_permission` - (Optional) Indicates whether public IP addresses can be assigned to virtual machines on this subnet (i.e. Allow, Deny). Defaults to `Default`.

* `shared_public_ip_address_configuration` - (Optional) One `shared_public_ip_address_configuration` block defined below.

* `virtual_network_pool_name` - (Optional) The virtual network pool associated with this subnet.


---

The `shared_public_ip_address_configuration` block supports the following:

* `allowed_ports` - (Optional) One or more `allowed_port` block defined below.


---

The `allowed_port` block supports the following:

* `transport_protocol` - (Optional) Protocol type of the port. Defaults to `Tcp`.

* `backend_port` - (Optional) Backend port of the target virtual machine.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
