---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_express_route_circuit_peering"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-express-route-circuit-peering"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ExpressRouteCircuitPeering instance.
---

# azurerm_express_route_circuit_peering

Manage Azure ExpressRouteCircuitPeering instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `circuit_name` - (Required) The name of the express route circuit. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `peering_name` - (Required) The name of the peering. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) Gets name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `azure_asn` - (Optional) The Azure ASN.

* `etag` - (Optional) A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `gateway_manager_etag` - (Optional) The GatewayManager Etag.

* `last_modified_by` - (Optional) Gets whether the provider or the customer last modified the peering.

* `microsoft_peering_config` - (Optional) One `microsoft_peering_config` block defined below.

* `peer_asn` - (Optional) The peer ASN.

* `peering_type` - (Optional) The PeeringType. Possible values are: 'AzurePublicPeering', 'AzurePrivatePeering', and 'MicrosoftPeering'. Defaults to `AzurePublicPeering`.

* `primary_azure_port` - (Optional) The primary port.

* `primary_peer_address_prefix` - (Optional) The primary address prefix.

* `secondary_azure_port` - (Optional) The secondary port.

* `secondary_peer_address_prefix` - (Optional) The secondary address prefix.

* `shared_key` - (Optional) The shared key.

* `state` - (Optional) The state of peering. Possible values are: 'Disabled' and 'Enabled' Defaults to `Disabled`.

* `stats` - (Optional) One `stat` block defined below.

* `vlan_id` - (Optional) The VLAN ID.

---

The `microsoft_peering_config` block supports the following:

* `advertised_public_prefixes` - (Optional) The reference of AdvertisedPublicPrefixes.

* `advertised_public_prefixes_state` - (Optional) AdvertisedPublicPrefixState of the Peering resource. Possible values are 'NotConfigured', 'Configuring', 'Configured', and 'ValidationNeeded'. Defaults to `NotConfigured`.

* `customer_asn` - (Optional) The CustomerASN of the peering.

* `routing_registry_name` - (Optional) The RoutingRegistryName of the configuration.

---

The `stat` block supports the following:

* `primarybytes_in` - (Optional) Gets BytesIn of the peering.

* `primarybytes_out` - (Optional) Gets BytesOut of the peering.

* `secondarybytes_in` - (Optional) Gets BytesIn of the peering.

* `secondarybytes_out` - (Optional) Gets BytesOut of the peering.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - Gets the provisioning state of the public IP resource. Possible values are: 'Updating', 'Deleting', and 'Failed'.
