---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_jit_network_access_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-jit-network-access-policy"
description: |-
  Manage Azure JitNetworkAccessPolicy instance.
---

# azurerm_jit_network_access_policy

Manage Azure JitNetworkAccessPolicy instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of a Just-in-Time access configuration policy. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group within the user's subscription. The name is case insensitive. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `asc_location` - (Required) The location where ASC stores the data of the subscription. can be retrieved from Get locations Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `virtual_machines` - (Required) One or more `virtual_machine` block defined below.

---

The `virtual_machine` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Required) Resource ID of the virtual machine that is linked to this policy

* `ports` - (Required) One or more `port` block defined below.

* `public_ip_address` - (Optional) Public IP address of the Azure Firewall that is linked to this policy, if applicable


---

The `port` block supports the following:

* `number` - (Required) 

* `protocol` - (Required) 

* `allowed_source_address_prefix` - (Optional) Mutually exclusive with the "allowedSourceAddressPrefixes" parameter. Should be an IP address or CIDR, for example "192.168.0.3" or "192.168.0.0/16".

* `allowed_source_address_prefixes` - (Optional) Mutually exclusive with the "allowedSourceAddressPrefix" parameter.

* `max_request_access_duration` - (Required) Maximum duration requests can be made for. In ISO 8601 duration format. Minimum 5 minutes, maximum 1 day

* `kind` - (Optional) Kind of the resource Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `requests` - (Optional) One or more `request` block defined below.

---

The `request` block supports the following:

* `virtual_machines` - (Required) One or more `virtual_machine` block defined below.

* `start_time_utc` - (Required) The start time of the request in UTC

* `requestor` - (Required) The identity of the person who made the request

* `justification` - (Optional) The justification for making the initiate request


---

The `virtual_machine` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Required) Resource ID of the virtual machine that is linked to this policy

* `ports` - (Required) One or more `port` block defined below.


---

The `port` block supports the following:

* `number` - (Required) 

* `allowed_source_address_prefix` - (Optional) Mutually exclusive with the "allowedSourceAddressPrefixes" parameter. Should be an IP address or CIDR, for example "192.168.0.3" or "192.168.0.0/16".

* `allowed_source_address_prefixes` - (Optional) Mutually exclusive with the "allowedSourceAddressPrefix" parameter.

* `end_time_utc` - (Required) The date & time at which the request ends in UTC

* `status` - (Required) The status of the port

* `status_reason` - (Required) A description of why the `status` has its value

* `mapped_port` - (Optional) The port which is mapped to this port's `number` in the Azure Firewall, if applicable

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - Gets the provisioning state of the Just-in-Time policy.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type

* `location` - Location where the resource is stored
