---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_virtual_network_gateway"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-virtual-network-gateway"
description: |-
  Manage Azure VirtualNetworkGateway instance.
---

# azurerm_virtual_network_gateway

Manage Azure VirtualNetworkGateway instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `virtual_network_gateway_name` - (Required) The name of the virtual network gateway. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `active_active` - (Optional) ActiveActive flag

* `bgp_settings` - (Optional) One `bgp_setting` block defined below.

* `enable_bgp` - (Optional) EnableBgp Flag

* `etag` - (Optional) Gets a unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `gateway_default_site` - (Optional) One `gateway_default_site` block defined below.

* `gateway_type` - (Optional) The type of this virtual network gateway. Defaults to `Vpn`.

* `ip_configurations` - (Optional) One or more `ip_configuration` block defined below.

* `resource_guid` - (Optional) Gets or sets resource guid property of the VirtualNetworkGateway resource

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `vpn_client_configuration` - (Optional) One `vpn_client_configuration` block defined below.

* `vpn_type` - (Optional) The type of this virtual network gateway. Defaults to `PolicyBased`.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `bgp_setting` block supports the following:

* `asn` - (Optional) Gets or sets this BGP speaker's ASN

* `bgp_peering_address` - (Optional) Gets or sets the BGP peering address and BGP identifier of this BGP speaker

* `peer_weight` - (Optional) Gets or sets the weight added to routes learned from this BGP speaker

---

The `gateway_default_site` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `ip_configuration` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

* `private_ipallocation_method` - (Optional) Gets or sets PrivateIP allocation method Defaults to `Static`.

* `subnet` - (Optional) One `subnet` block defined below.

* `public_ip_address` - (Optional) One `public_ip_address` block defined below.

* `name` - (Optional) Gets name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource

* `etag` - (Optional) A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated


---

The `subnet` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `public_ip_address` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Gateway sku name -Basic/HighPerformance/Standard/UltraPerformance Defaults to `Basic`.

* `tier` - (Optional) Gateway sku tier -Basic/HighPerformance/Standard/UltraPerformance Defaults to `Basic`.

* `capacity` - (Optional) The capacity

---

The `vpn_client_configuration` block supports the following:

* `vpn_client_address_pool` - (Optional) One `vpn_client_address_pool` block defined below.

* `vpn_client_root_certificates` - (Optional) One or more `vpn_client_root_certificate` block defined below.

* `vpn_client_revoked_certificates` - (Optional) One or more `vpn_client_revoked_certificate` block defined below.


---

The `vpn_client_address_pool` block supports the following:

* `address_prefixes` - (Optional) Gets or sets list of address blocks reserved for this virtual network in CIDR notation

---

The `vpn_client_root_certificate` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

* `public_cert_data` - (Optional) Gets or sets the certificate public data

* `name` - (Optional) Gets name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource

* `etag` - (Optional) A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated

---

The `vpn_client_revoked_certificate` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

* `thumbprint` - (Optional) Gets or sets the revoked Vpn client certificate thumbprint

* `name` - (Optional) Gets name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource

* `etag` - (Optional) A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - Gets provisioning state of the VirtualNetworkGateway resource Updating/Deleting/Failed

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type
