---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-policy"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Policy instance.
---

# azurerm_policy

Manage Azure Policy instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `custom_rules` - (Optional) One `custom_rule` block defined below.

* `etag` - (Optional) Gets a unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `managed_rules` - (Optional) One `managed_rule` block defined below.

* `policy_settings` - (Optional) One `policy_setting` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `custom_rule` block supports the following:

* `rules` - (Optional) One or more `rule` block defined below.


---

The `rule` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Gets name of the resource that is unique within a policy. This name can be used to access the resource.

* `priority` - (Required) Describes priority of the rule. Rules with a lower value will be evaluated before rules with a higher value

* `rule_type` - (Required) Describes type of rule

* `rate_limit_duration_in_minutes` - (Optional) Defines rate limit duration. Default - 1 minute

* `rate_limit_threshold` - (Optional) Defines rate limit threshold

* `match_conditions` - (Required) One or more `match_condition` block defined below.

* `action` - (Required) Type of Actions

* `transforms` - (Optional) List of transforms


---

The `match_condition` block supports the following:

* `match_variable` - (Required) Match Variable

* `selector` - (Optional) Name of selector in RequestHeader or RequestBody to be matched

* `operator` - (Required) Describes operator to be matched

* `negate_condition` - (Optional) Describes if this is negate condition or not

* `match_value` - (Required) Match value

---

The `managed_rule` block supports the following:

* `rule_sets` - (Optional) One or more `rule_set` block defined below.


---

The `rule_set` block supports the following:

* `priority` - (Optional) Describes priority of the rule

* `version` - (Optional) defines version of the rule set

---

The `policy_setting` block supports the following:

* `enabled_state` - (Optional) describes if the policy is in enabled state or disabled state Defaults to `Disabled`.

* `mode` - (Optional) Describes if it is in detection mode  or prevention mode at policy level Defaults to `Prevention`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning state of the WebApplicationFirewallPolicy.

* `resource_state` - 

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
