---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_network"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-network"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Network instance.
---

# azurerm_network

Manage Azure Network instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) Azure resource group name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `address_prefix` - (Required) the address prefix for this network.

* `network_name` - (Required) The identity of the network. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The geo-location where the resource lives Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `description` - (Optional) User readable description of the network.

* `ingress_config` - (Optional) One `ingress_config` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `ingress_config` block supports the following:

* `qos_level` - (Optional) The QoS tier for ingress. Defaults to `Bronze`.

* `layer4` - (Optional) One or more `layer4` block defined below.


---

The `layer4` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Layer4 ingress config name.

* `public_port` - (Optional) Specifies the public port at which the service endpoint below needs to be exposed.

* `application_name` - (Optional) The application name which contains the service to be exposed.

* `service_name` - (Optional) The service whose endpoint needs to be exposed at the public port.

* `endpoint_name` - (Optional) The service endpoint that needs to be exposed.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - State of the resource.

* `id` - Fully qualified identifier for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.
