---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_environment"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-environment"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Environment instance.
---

# azurerm_environment

Manage Azure Environment instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `environment_name` - (Required) The name of the environment. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `environment_setting_name` - (Required) The name of the environment Setting. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `lab_account_name` - (Required) The name of the lab Account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `lab_name` - (Required) The name of the lab. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_sets` - (Optional) One `resource_set` block defined below.

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `resource_set` block supports the following:

* `vm_resource_id` - (Optional) VM resource Id for the environment

* `resource_setting_id` - (Optional) resourceSettingId for the environment

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `claimed_by_user_object_id` - The AAD object Id of the user who has claimed the environment

* `claimed_by_user_principal_id` - The user principal Id of the user who has claimed the environment

* `claimed_by_user_name` - The name or email address of the user who has claimed the environment

* `is_claimed` - Is the environment claimed or not

* `last_known_power_state` - Last known power state of the environment

* `network_interface` - One `network_interface` block defined below.

* `total_usage` - How long the environment has been used by a lab user

* `password_last_reset` - When the password was last reset on the environment.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning status of the resource.

* `latest_operation_result` - One `latest_operation_result` block defined below.

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.


---

The `network_interface` block contains the following:

* `private_ip_address` - (Optional) PrivateIp address of the Compute VM

* `ssh_authority` - (Optional) Connection information for Linux

* `rdp_authority` - (Optional) Connection information for Windows

* `username` - (Optional) Username of the VM

---

The `latest_operation_result` block contains the following:

* `status` - (Optional) The current status of the operation.

* `error_code` - (Optional) Error code on failure.

* `error_message` - (Optional) The error message.

* `request_uri` - (Optional) Request URI of the operation.

* `http_method` - (Optional) The HttpMethod - PUT/POST/DELETE for the operation.

* `operation_url` - (Optional) The URL to use to check long-running operation status
