---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_guest_configuration_assignment"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-guest-configuration-assignment"
description: |-
  Manage Azure GuestConfigurationAssignment instance.
---

# azurerm_guest_configuration_assignment

Manage Azure GuestConfigurationAssignment instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the virtual machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `guest_configuration_assignment_name` - (Required) Name of the guest configuration assignment Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `context` - (Optional) The source which initiated the guest configuration assignment. Ex: Azure Policy

* `guest_configuration` - (Optional) One `guest_configuration` block defined below.

---

The `guest_configuration` block supports the following:

* `kind` - (Optional) Kind of the guest configuration. For example:DSC Defaults to `DSC`.

* `name` - (Optional) Name of the guest configuration.

* `version` - (Optional) Version of the guest configuration.

* `configuration_setting` - (Optional) One `configuration_setting` block defined below.


---

The `configuration_setting` block supports the following:

* `allow_module_overwrite` - (Optional) If true - new configurations downloaded from the pull service are allowed to overwrite the old ones on the target node. Otherwise, false Defaults to `True`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - ARM resource id of the guest configuration assignment.

* `name` - Name of the guest configuration assignment.

* `location` - Region where the VM is located.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
