---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_job_step"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-job-step"
description: |-
  Manage Azure JobStep instance.
---

# azurerm_job_step

Manage Azure JobStep instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `action` - (Required) One `action` block defined below.

* `credential` - (Required) The resource ID of the job credential that will be used to connect to the targets.

* `job_agent_name` - (Required) The name of the job agent. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `job_name` - (Required) The name of the job. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `server_name` - (Required) The name of the server. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `step_name` - (Required) The name of the job step. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `target_group` - (Required) The resource ID of the target group that the job step will be executed on.

---

The `action` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Optional) Type of action being executed by the job step. Defaults to `TSql`.

* `source` - (Optional) The source of the action to execute. Defaults to `Inline`.

* `value` - (Required) The action value, for example the text of the T-SQL script to execute.

* `execution_options` - (Optional) One `execution_option` block defined below.

* `output` - (Optional) One `output` block defined below.

* `step_id` - (Optional) The job step's index within the job. If not specified when creating the job step, it will be created as the last step. If not specified when updating the job step, the step id is not modified.

---

The `execution_option` block supports the following:

* `timeout_seconds` - (Optional) Execution timeout for the job step.

* `retry_attempts` - (Optional) Maximum number of times the job step will be reattempted if the first attempt fails.

* `initial_retry_interval_seconds` - (Optional) Initial delay between retries for job step execution.

* `maximum_retry_interval_seconds` - (Optional) The maximum amount of time to wait between retries for job step execution.

* `retry_interval_backoff_multiplier` - (Optional) The backoff multiplier for the time between retries.

---

The `output` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Optional) The output destination type. Defaults to `SqlDatabase`.

* `subscription_id` - (Optional) The output destination subscription id.

* `resource_group_name` - (Optional) The output destination resource group.

* `server_name` - (Required) The output destination server name.

* `database_name` - (Required) The output destination database.

* `schema_name` - (Optional) The output destination schema.

* `table_name` - (Required) The output destination table.

* `credential` - (Required) The resource ID of the credential to use to connect to the output destination.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
