---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_lab_account"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-lab-account"
description: |-
  Manage Azure LabAccount instance.
---

# azurerm_lab_account

Manage Azure LabAccount instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the lab Account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the resource Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `lab_creation_parameters` - (Required) One `lab_creation_parameter` block defined below.

---

The `lab_creation_parameter` block supports the following:

* `max_users_in_lab` - (Optional) Maximum number of users allowed in the lab.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `enabled_region_selection` - (Optional) Represents if region selection is enabled

* `environment_setting_creation_parameters` - (Optional) One `environment_setting_creation_parameter` block defined below.

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `environment_setting_creation_parameter` block supports the following:

* `resource_setting_creation_parameters` - (Required) One `resource_setting_creation_parameter` block defined below.


---

The `resource_setting_creation_parameter` block supports the following:

* `location` - (Optional) The location where the virtual machine will live Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the resource setting

* `gallery_image_resource_id` - (Required) The resource id of the gallery image used for creating the virtual machine

* `size` - (Optional) The size of the virtual machine Defaults to `Basic`.

* `reference_vm_creation_parameters` - (Required) One `reference_vm_creation_parameter` block defined below.


---

The `reference_vm_creation_parameter` block supports the following:

* `user_name` - (Required) The username of the virtual machine

* `password` - (Required) The password of the virtual machine.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
