---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_proximity_placement_group"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-proximity-placement-group"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ProximityPlacementGroup instance.
---

# azurerm_proximity_placement_group

Manage Azure ProximityPlacementGroup instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the proximity placement group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `proximity_placement_group_type` - (Optional) Specifies the type of the proximity placement group. <br><br> Possible values are: <br><br> **Standard** : Co-locate resources within an Azure region or Availability Zone. <br><br> **Ultra** : For future use. Defaults to `Standard`.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `virtual_machines` - One or more `virtual_machine` block defined below.

* `virtual_machine_scale_sets` - One or more `virtual_machine_scale_set` block defined below.

* `availability_sets` - One or more `availability_set` block defined below.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type


---

The `virtual_machine` block contains the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `virtual_machine_scale_set` block contains the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `availability_set` block contains the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id
