---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_account"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-account"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Account instance.
---

# azurerm_account

Manage Azure Account instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the NetApp account Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `active_directories` - (Optional) One or more `active_directory` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `active_directory` block supports the following:

* `active_directory_id` - (Optional) Id of the Active Directory

* `username` - (Optional) Username of Active Directory domain administrator

* `password` - (Optional) Plain text password of Active Directory domain administrator

* `domain` - (Optional) Name of the Active Directory domain

* `d_ns` - (Optional) Comma separated list of DNS server IP addresses for the Active Directory domain

* `status` - (Optional) Status of the Active Directory

* `s_mbserver_name` - (Optional) NetBIOS name of the SMB server. This name will be registered as a computer account in the AD and used to mount volumes

* `organizational_unit` - (Optional) The Organizational Unit (OU) within the Windows Active Directory

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - Azure lifecycle management

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type
