---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_dedicated_cloud_node"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-dedicated-cloud-node"
description: |-
  Manage Azure DedicatedCloudNode instance.
---

# azurerm_dedicated_cloud_node

Manage Azure DedicatedCloudNode instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) dedicated cloud node name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Azure region Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `availability_zone_id` - (Required) Availability Zone id, e.g. "az1"

* `nodes_count` - (Required) count of nodes to create

* `placement_group_id` - (Required) Placement Group id, e.g. "n1"

* `purchase_id` - (Required) purchase id

* `referer` - (Required) referer url Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `sku_description` - (Optional) One `sku_description` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags key:value pairs Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `capacity` - (Optional) The capacity of the SKU

* `description` - (Optional) dedicatedCloudNode example: 8 x Ten-Core Intel® Xeon® Processor E5-2640 v4 2.40GHz 25MB Cache (90W); 12 x 64GB PC4-19200 2400MHz DDR4 ECC Registered DIMM, ...

* `family` - (Optional) If the service has different generations of hardware, for the same SKU, then that can be captured here

* `name` - (Required) The name of the SKU for VMWare CloudSimple Node

* `tier` - (Optional) The tier of the SKU

---

The `sku_description` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Required) SKU's id

* `name` - (Required) SKU's name

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/dedicatedCloudNodes/{dedicatedCloudNodeName}

* `name` - {dedicatedCloudNodeName}

* `type` - {resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}
