---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_service"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-service"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Service instance.
---

# azurerm_service

Manage Azure Service instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `location` - (Required) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `group_name` - (Required) Name of the resource group Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `service_name` - (Required) Name of the service Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `virtual_subnet_id` - (Required) The ID of the Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets resource to which the service should be joined

* `etag` - (Optional) HTTP strong entity tag value. Ignored if submitted Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `kind` - (Optional) The resource kind. Only 'vm' (the default) is supported. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `public_key` - (Optional) The public key of the service, used to encrypt secrets sent to the service

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The unique name of the SKU, such as 'P3'

* `tier` - (Optional) The tier of the SKU, such as 'Basic', 'General Purpose', or 'Business Critical'

* `family` - (Optional) The SKU family, used when the service has multiple performance classes within a tier, such as 'A', 'D', etc. for virtual machines

* `size` - (Optional) The size of the SKU, used when the name alone does not denote a service size or when a SKU has multiple performance classes within a family, e.g. 'A1' for virtual machines

* `capacity` - (Optional) The capacity of the SKU, if it supports scaling

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The resource's provisioning state

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
