---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_account"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-account"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Account instance.
---

# azurerm_account

Manage Azure Account instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the Azure resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `account_name` - (Required) The name of the Data Lake Store account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `default_group` - (Optional) The default owner group for all new folders and files created in the Data Lake Store account.

* `encryption_config` - (Optional) One `encryption_config` block defined below.

* `encryption_state` - (Optional) The current state of encryption for this Data Lake Store account. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `firewall_allow_azure_ips` - (Optional) The current state of allowing or disallowing IPs originating within Azure through the firewall. If the firewall is disabled, this is not enforced. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `firewall_rules` - (Optional) One or more `firewall_rule` block defined below.

* `firewall_state` - (Optional) The current state of the IP address firewall for this Data Lake Store account. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `identity` - (Optional) One `identity` block defined below.

* `new_tier` - (Optional) The commitment tier to use for next month. Defaults to `Consumption`.

* `trusted_id_provider_state` - (Optional) The current state of the trusted identity provider feature for this Data Lake Store account. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `trusted_id_providers` - (Optional) One or more `trusted_id_provider` block defined below.

* `virtual_network_rules` - (Optional) One or more `virtual_network_rule` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) The resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `encryption_config` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) The type of encryption configuration being used. Currently the only supported types are 'UserManaged' and 'ServiceManaged'.

* `key_vault_meta_info` - (Optional) One `key_vault_meta_info` block defined below.


---

The `key_vault_meta_info` block supports the following:

* `key_vault_resource_id` - (Required) The resource identifier for the user managed Key Vault being used to encrypt.

* `encryption_key_name` - (Required) The name of the user managed encryption key.

* `encryption_key_version` - (Required) The version of the user managed encryption key.

---

The `firewall_rule` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The unique name of the firewall rule to create.

* `start_ip_address` - (Required) The start IP address for the firewall rule. This can be either ipv4 or ipv6. Start and End should be in the same protocol.

* `end_ip_address` - (Required) The end IP address for the firewall rule. This can be either ipv4 or ipv6. Start and End should be in the same protocol.

---

The `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) The type of encryption being used. Currently the only supported type is 'SystemAssigned'.

---

The `trusted_id_provider` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The unique name of the trusted identity provider to create.

* `id_provider` - (Required) The URL of this trusted identity provider.

---

The `virtual_network_rule` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The unique name of the virtual network rule to create.

* `subnet_id` - (Required) The resource identifier for the subnet.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `account_id` - The unique identifier associated with this Data Lake Store account.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning status of the Data Lake Store account.

* `state` - The state of the Data Lake Store account.

* `creation_time` - The account creation time.

* `last_modified_time` - The account last modified time.

* `endpoint` - The full CName endpoint for this account.

* `encryption_provisioning_state` - The current state of encryption provisioning for this Data Lake Store account.

* `current_tier` - The commitment tier in use for the current month.

* `id` - The resource identifier.

* `name` - The resource name.

* `type` - The resource type.
