---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_backup_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-backup-policy"
description: |-
  Manage Azure BackupPolicy instance.
---

# azurerm_backup_policy

Manage Azure BackupPolicy instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The manager name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `backup_policy_name` - (Required) The name of the backup policy to be created/updated. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `device_name` - (Required) The device name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `volume_ids` - (Required) The path IDs of the volumes which are part of the backup policy.

* `kind` - (Optional) The Kind of the object. Currently only Series8000 is supported Defaults to `Series8000`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `next_backup_time` - The time of the next backup for the backup policy.

* `last_backup_time` - The time of the last backup for the backup policy.

* `schedules_count` - The count of schedules the backup policy contains.

* `scheduled_backup_status` - Indicates whether at least one of the schedules in the backup policy is active or not.

* `backup_policy_creation_type` - The backup policy creation type. Indicates whether this was created through SaaS or through StorSimple Snapshot Manager.

* `ssm_host_name` - If the backup policy was created by StorSimple Snapshot Manager, then this field indicates the hostname of the StorSimple Snapshot Manager.

* `id` - The path ID that uniquely identifies the object.

* `name` - The name of the object.

* `type` - The hierarchical type of the object.
