---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_signal_r"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-signal-r"
description: |-
  Manage Azure SignalR instance.
---

# azurerm_signal_r

Manage Azure SignalR instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The SignalR service name to validate. e.g."my-signalR-name-here" Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the SignalR resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Azure GEO region: e.g. West US | East US | North Central US | South Central US | West Europe | North Europe | East Asia | Southeast Asia | etc. <br>The geo region of a resource never changes after it is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `type` - (Required) The resource type. Should be always "Microsoft.SignalRService/SignalR". Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `host_name_prefix` - (Optional) Prefix for the hostName of the SignalR service. Retained for future use.<br>The hostname will be of format: &lt;hostNamePrefix&gt;.service.signalr.net.

* `key_type` - (Optional) The keyType to regenerate. Must be either 'primary' or 'secondary'(case-insensitive). Defaults to `Primary`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) A list of key value pairs that describe the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the SKU. This is typically a letter + number code, such as A0 or P3.  Required (if sku is specified)

* `tier` - (Optional) Optional tier of this particular SKU. `Basic` is deprecated, use `Standard` instead for Basic tier Defaults to `Free`.

* `size` - (Optional) Optional, string. When the name field is the combination of tier and some other value, this would be the standalone code.

* `family` - (Optional) Optional, string. If the service has different generations of hardware, for the same SKU, then that can be captured here.

* `capacity` - (Optional) Optional, integer. If the SKU supports scale out/in then the capacity integer should be included. If scale out/in is not <br>possible for the resource this may be omitted.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning state of the resource.

* `external_ip` - The publicly accessible IP of the SignalR service.

* `host_name` - FQDN of the SignalR service instance. Format: xxx.service.signalr.net

* `public_port` - The publicly accessibly port of the SignalR service which is designed for browser/client side usage.

* `server_port` - The publicly accessibly port of the SignalR service which is designed for customer server side usage.

* `version` - Version of the SignalR resource. Probably you need the same or higher version of client SDKs.

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource.
