---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_vpn_site"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-vpn-site"
description: |-
  Manage Azure VpnSite instance.
---

# azurerm_vpn_site

Manage Azure VpnSite instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name of the VpnSite. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `vpn_site_name` - (Required) The name of the VpnSite being created or updated. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `address_space` - (Optional) One `address_space` block defined below.

* `bgp_properties` - (Optional) One `bgp_property` block defined below.

* `device_properties` - (Optional) One `device_property` block defined below.

* `ip_address` - (Optional) The ip-address for the vpn-site.

* `site_key` - (Optional) The key for vpn-site that can be used for connections.

* `virtual_wan` - (Optional) One `virtual_wan` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `address_space` block supports the following:

* `address_prefixes` - (Optional) A list of address blocks reserved for this virtual network in CIDR notation.

---

The `bgp_property` block supports the following:

* `asn` - (Optional) The BGP speaker's ASN.

* `bgp_peering_address` - (Optional) The BGP peering address and BGP identifier of this BGP speaker.

* `peer_weight` - (Optional) The weight added to routes learned from this BGP speaker.

---

The `device_property` block supports the following:

* `device_vendor` - (Optional) Name of the device Vendor.

* `device_model` - (Optional) Model of the device.

* `link_speed_in_mbps` - (Optional) Link speed.

---

The `virtual_wan` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the resource.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.

* `etag` - Gets a unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated.
