---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_transaction_node"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-transaction-node"
description: |-
  Manage Azure TransactionNode instance.
---

# azurerm_transaction_node

Manage Azure TransactionNode instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `blockchain_member_name` - (Required) Blockchain member name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `transaction_node_name` - (Required) Transaction node name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Gets or sets the transaction node location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `firewall_rules` - (Optional) One or more `firewall_rule` block defined below.

* `password` - (Optional) Sets the transaction node dns endpoint basic auth password.

---

The `firewall_rule` block supports the following:

* `rule_name` - (Optional) Gets or sets the name of the firewall rules.

* `start_ip_address` - (Optional) Gets or sets the start IP address of the firewall rule range.

* `end_ip_address` - (Optional) Gets or sets the end IP address of the firewall rule range.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - Gets or sets the blockchain member provision state.

* `dns` - Gets or sets the transaction node dns endpoint.

* `public_key` - Gets or sets the transaction node public key.

* `user_name` - Gets or sets the transaction node dns endpoint basic auth user name.

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id of the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the service - e.g. "Microsoft.Blockchain"
