---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_bot"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-bot"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Bot instance.
---

# azurerm_bot

Manage Azure Bot instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the Bot resource group in the user subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `display_name` - (Required) The Name of the bot

* `endpoint` - (Required) The bot's endpoint

* `msa_app_id` - (Required) Microsoft App Id for the bot

* `resource_name` - (Required) The name of the Bot resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Specifies the location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the bot

* `developer_app_insight_key` - (Optional) The Application Insights key

* `developer_app_insights_api_key` - (Optional) The Application Insights Api Key

* `developer_app_insights_application_id` - (Optional) The Application Insights App Id

* `etag` - (Optional) Entity Tag Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `icon_url` - (Optional) The Icon Url of the bot

* `kind` - (Optional) Required. Gets or sets the Kind of the resource. Defaults to `sdk`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `luis_app_ids` - (Optional) Collection of LUIS App Ids

* `luis_key` - (Optional) The LUIS Key

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Contains resource tags defined as key/value pairs. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The sku name

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `endpoint_version` - The bot's endpoint version

* `configured_channels` - Collection of channels for which the bot is configured

* `enabled_channels` - Collection of channels for which the bot is enabled

* `id` - Specifies the resource ID.

* `name` - Specifies the name of the resource.

* `type` - Specifies the type of the resource.
