---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_appliance_definition"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-appliance-definition"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ApplianceDefinition instance.
---

# azurerm_appliance_definition

Manage Azure ApplianceDefinition instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `appliance_definition_name` - (Required) The name of the appliance definition. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `authorizations` - (Required) One or more `authorization` block defined below.

* `lock_level` - (Required) The appliance lock level.

* `package_file_uri` - (Required) The appliance definition package file Uri.

---

The `authorization` block supports the following:

* `principal_id` - (Required) The provider's principal identifier. This is the identity that the provider will use to call ARM to manage the appliance resources.

* `role_definition_id` - (Required) The provider's role definition identifier. This role will define all the permissions that the provider must have on the appliance's container resource group. This role definition cannot have permission to delete the resource group.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `artifacts` - (Optional) One or more `artifact` block defined below.

* `description` - (Optional) The appliance definition description.

* `display_name` - (Optional) The appliance definition display name.

* `identity` - (Optional) One `identity` block defined below.

* `managed_by` - (Optional) ID of the resource that manages this resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `artifact` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The appliance artifact name.

* `uri` - (Optional) The appliance artifact blob uri.

* `type` - (Optional) The appliance artifact type. Defaults to `Template`.

---

The `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Optional) The identity type. Defaults to `SystemAssigned`.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The SKU name.

* `tier` - (Optional) The SKU tier.

* `size` - (Optional) The SKU size.

* `family` - (Optional) The SKU family.

* `model` - (Optional) The SKU model.

* `capacity` - (Optional) The SKU capacity.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource ID

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type
