---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_protection_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-protection-policy"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ProtectionPolicy instance.
---

# azurerm_protection_policy

Manage Azure ProtectionPolicy instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group associated with the Recovery Services vault. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `policy_name` - (Required) The backup policy to be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `vault_name` - (Required) The name of the Recovery Services vault. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID represents the complete path to the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) Resource name associated with the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `e_tag` - (Optional) Optional ETag. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `protected_items_count` - (Optional) The number of items associated with this policy.

* `type` - (Optional) Resource type represents the complete path of the form Namespace/ResourceType/ResourceType/... Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:
