---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_replication_recovery_services_provider"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-replication-recovery-services-provider"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ReplicationRecoveryServicesProvider instance.
---

# azurerm_replication_recovery_services_provider

Manage Azure ReplicationRecoveryServicesProvider instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Recovery services provider name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group where the recovery services vault is present. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `authentication_identity_input` - (Required) One `authentication_identity_input` block defined below.

* `fabric_name` - (Required) Fabric name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `machine_name` - (Required) The name of the machine where the provider is getting added.

* `resource_access_identity_input` - (Required) One `resource_access_identity_input` block defined below.

* `resource_name` - (Required) The name of the recovery services vault. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `authentication_identity_input` block supports the following:

* `tenant_id` - (Required) The tenant Id for the service principal with which the on-premise management/data plane components would communicate with our Azure services.

* `application_id` - (Required) The application/client Id for the service principal with which the on-premise management/data plane components would communicate with our Azure services.

* `object_id` - (Required) The object Id of the service principal with which the on-premise management/data plane components would communicate with our Azure services.

* `audience` - (Required) The intended Audience of the service principal with which the on-premise management/data plane components would communicate with our Azure services.

* `aad_authority` - (Required) The base authority for Azure Active Directory authentication.

---

The `resource_access_identity_input` block supports the following:

* `tenant_id` - (Required) The tenant Id for the service principal with which the on-premise management/data plane components would communicate with our Azure services.

* `application_id` - (Required) The application/client Id for the service principal with which the on-premise management/data plane components would communicate with our Azure services.

* `object_id` - (Required) The object Id of the service principal with which the on-premise management/data plane components would communicate with our Azure services.

* `audience` - (Required) The intended Audience of the service principal with which the on-premise management/data plane components would communicate with our Azure services.

* `aad_authority` - (Required) The base authority for Azure Active Directory authentication.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource Name

* `type` - Resource Type
