---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_namespace"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-namespace"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Namespace instance.
---

# azurerm_namespace

Manage Azure Namespace instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The namespace name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Namespace location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `create_acsnamespace` - (Optional) Indicates whether to create an ACS namespace.

* `enabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether this instance is enabled.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `status` - (Optional) State of the namespace. Defaults to `Unknown`.

* `tags` - (Optional) Namespace tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Name of this SKU. Defaults to `Basic`.

* `tier` - (Required) The billing tier of this particular SKU.

* `capacity` - (Optional) The specified messaging units for the tier.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning state of the namespace.

* `created_at` - The time the namespace was created.

* `updated_at` - The time the namespace was updated.

* `service_bus_endpoint` - Endpoint you can use to perform Service Bus operations.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type
