---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_hyper_v_collector"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-hyper-v-collector"
description: |-
  Manage Azure HyperVCollector instance.
---

# azurerm_hyper_v_collector

Manage Azure HyperVCollector instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Unique name of a Hyper-V collector within a project. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the Azure Resource Group that project is part of. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `project_name` - (Required) Name of the Azure Migrate project. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `agent_properties` - (Optional) One `agent_property` block defined below.

* `discovery_site_id` - (Optional) The ARM id of the discovery service site.

* `e_tag` - (Optional)  Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `agent_property` block supports the following:

* `spn_details` - (Optional) One `spn_detail` block defined below.


---

The `spn_detail` block supports the following:

* `authority` - (Optional) AAD Authority URL which was used to request the token for the service principal.

* `application_id` - (Optional) Application/client Id for the service principal with which the on-premise management/data plane components would communicate with our Azure services.

* `audience` - (Optional) Intended audience for the service principal.

* `object_id` - (Optional) Object Id of the service principal with which the on-premise management/data plane components would communicate with our Azure services.

* `tenant_id` - (Optional) Tenant Id for the service principal with which the on-premise management/data plane components would communicate with our Azure services.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `created_timestamp` - Time when this collector was created. Date-Time represented in ISO-8601 format.

* `updated_timestamp` - Time when this collector was updated. Date-Time represented in ISO-8601 format.

* `id` - 

* `name` - 

* `type` - 
