---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_availability_group_listener"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-availability-group-listener"
description: |-
  Manage Azure AvailabilityGroupListener instance.
---

# azurerm_availability_group_listener

Manage Azure AvailabilityGroupListener instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the availability group listener. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sql_virtual_machine_group_name` - (Required) Name of the SQL virtual machine group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `availability_group_name` - (Optional) Name of the availability group.

* `create_default_availability_group_if_not_exist` - (Optional) Create a default availability group if it does not exist.

* `load_balancer_configurations` - (Optional) One or more `load_balancer_configuration` block defined below.

* `port` - (Optional) Listener port.

---

The `load_balancer_configuration` block supports the following:

* `private_ip_address` - (Optional) One `private_ip_address` block defined below.

* `public_ip_address_resource_id` - (Optional) Resource id of the public IP.

* `load_balancer_resource_id` - (Optional) Resource id of the load balancer.

* `probe_port` - (Optional) Probe port.

* `sql_virtual_machine_instances` - (Optional) List of the SQL virtual machine instance resource id's that are enrolled into the availability group listener.


---

The `private_ip_address` block supports the following:

* `ip_address` - (Optional) Private IP address bound to the availability group listener.

* `subnet_resource_id` - (Optional) Subnet used to include private IP.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning state to track the async operation status.

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
