---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_ddos_protection_plan"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-ddos-protection-plan"
description: |-
  Manage Azure DdosProtectionPlan instance.
---

# azurerm_ddos_protection_plan

Manage Azure DdosProtectionPlan instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `ddos_protection_plan_name` - (Required) The name of the DDoS protection plan. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `resource_guid` - The resource GUID property of the DDoS protection plan resource. It uniquely identifies the resource, even if the user changes its name or migrate the resource across subscriptions or resource groups.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the DDoS protection plan resource. Possible values are: 'Succeeded', 'Updating', 'Deleting', and 'Failed'.

* `virtual_networks` - One or more `virtual_network` block defined below.

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.

* `etag` - A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated.


---

The `virtual_network` block contains the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.
