---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_job_target_group"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-job-target-group"
description: |-
  Manage Azure JobTargetGroup instance.
---

# azurerm_job_target_group

Manage Azure JobTargetGroup instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `job_agent_name` - (Required) The name of the job agent. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `members` - (Required) One or more `member` block defined below.

* `server_name` - (Required) The name of the server. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `target_group_name` - (Required) The name of the target group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `member` block supports the following:

* `membership_type` - (Optional) Whether the target is included or excluded from the group. Defaults to `Include`.

* `type` - (Required) The target type.

* `server_name` - (Optional) The target server name.

* `database_name` - (Optional) The target database name.

* `elastic_pool_name` - (Optional) The target elastic pool name.

* `shard_map_name` - (Optional) The target shard map.

* `refresh_credential` - (Optional) The resource ID of the credential that is used during job execution to connect to the target and determine the list of databases inside the target.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
