---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_private_zone"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-private-zone"
description: |-
  Manage Azure PrivateZone instance.
---

# azurerm_private_zone

Manage Azure PrivateZone instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `private_zone_name` - (Required) The name of the Private DNS zone (without a terminating dot). Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The Azure Region where the resource lives Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `etag` - (Optional) The ETag of the zone. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `max_number_of_record_sets` - The maximum number of record sets that can be created in this Private DNS zone. This is a read-only property and any attempt to set this value will be ignored.

* `number_of_record_sets` - The current number of record sets in this Private DNS zone. This is a read-only property and any attempt to set this value will be ignored.

* `max_number_of_virtual_network_links` - The maximum number of virtual networks that can be linked to this Private DNS zone. This is a read-only property and any attempt to set this value will be ignored.

* `number_of_virtual_network_links` - The current number of virtual networks that are linked to this Private DNS zone. This is a read-only property and any attempt to set this value will be ignored.

* `max_number_of_virtual_network_links_with_registration` - The maximum number of virtual networks that can be linked to this Private DNS zone with registration enabled. This is a read-only property and any attempt to set this value will be ignored.

* `number_of_virtual_network_links_with_registration` - The current number of virtual networks that are linked to this Private DNS zone with registration enabled. This is a read-only property and any attempt to set this value will be ignored.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the resource. This is a read-only property and any attempt to set this value will be ignored.

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource. Example - '/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Network/privateDnsZones/{privateDnsZoneName}'.

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Example - 'Microsoft.Network/privateDnsZones'.
