---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_route"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-route"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Route instance.
---

# azurerm_route

Manage Azure Route instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the route. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `next_hop_type` - (Required) The type of Azure hop the packet should be sent to. Possible values are: 'VirtualNetworkGateway', 'VnetLocal', 'Internet', 'VirtualAppliance', and 'None'

* `route_table_name` - (Required) The name of the route table. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Identifier. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `address_prefix` - (Optional) The destination CIDR to which the route applies.

* `etag` - (Optional) A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `next_hop_ip_address` - (Optional) The IP address packets should be forwarded to. Next hop values are only allowed in routes where the next hop type is VirtualAppliance.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the resource. Possible values are: 'Updating', 'Deleting', and 'Failed'.
