---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_managed_network_peering_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-managed-network-peering-policy"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ManagedNetworkPeeringPolicy instance.
---

# azurerm_managed_network_peering_policy

Manage Azure ManagedNetworkPeeringPolicy instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `managed_network_name` - (Required) The name of the Managed Network. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `managed_network_peering_policy_name` - (Required) The name of the Managed Network Peering Policy. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The geo-location where the resource lives Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `properties` - (Optional) One `property` block defined below.

---

The `property` block supports the following:

* `properties_type` - (Required) Gets or sets the connectivity type of a network structure policy

* `properties_hub` - (Optional) One `properties_hub` block defined below.

* `properties_spokes` - (Optional) One or more `properties_spoke` block defined below.

* `properties_mesh` - (Optional) One or more `properties_mesh` block defined below.


---

The `properties_hub` block supports the following:

* `hub_id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `properties_spoke` block supports the following:

* `spokes_id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `properties_mesh` block supports the following:

* `mesh_id` - (Optional) Resource Id

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.
