---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_security_rule"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-security-rule"
description: |-
  Manage Azure SecurityRule instance.
---

# azurerm_security_rule

Manage Azure SecurityRule instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the security rule. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `access` - (Required) The network traffic is allowed or denied. Possible values are: 'Allow' and 'Deny'.

* `direction` - (Required) The direction of the rule. The direction specifies if rule will be evaluated on incoming or outgoing traffic. Possible values are: 'Inbound' and 'Outbound'.

* `network_security_group_name` - (Required) The name of the network security group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `protocol` - (Required) Network protocol this rule applies to. Possible values are 'Tcp', 'Udp', and '*'.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `description` - (Optional) A description for this rule. Restricted to 140 chars.

* `destination_address_prefix` - (Optional) The destination address prefix. CIDR or destination IP range. Asterisk '*' can also be used to match all source IPs. Default tags such as 'VirtualNetwork', 'AzureLoadBalancer' and 'Internet' can also be used.

* `destination_address_prefixes` - (Optional) The destination address prefixes. CIDR or destination IP ranges.

* `destination_port_range` - (Optional) The destination port or range. Integer or range between 0 and 65535. Asterisk '*' can also be used to match all ports.

* `destination_port_ranges` - (Optional) The destination port ranges.

* `etag` - (Optional) A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `priority` - (Optional) The priority of the rule. The value can be between 100 and 4096. The priority number must be unique for each rule in the collection. The lower the priority number, the higher the priority of the rule.

* `source_address_prefix` - (Optional) The CIDR or source IP range. Asterisk '*' can also be used to match all source IPs. Default tags such as 'VirtualNetwork', 'AzureLoadBalancer' and 'Internet' can also be used. If this is an ingress rule, specifies where network traffic originates from.

* `source_address_prefixes` - (Optional) The CIDR or source IP ranges.

* `source_port_range` - (Optional) The source port or range. Integer or range between 0 and 65535. Asterisk '*' can also be used to match all ports.

* `source_port_ranges` - (Optional) The source port ranges.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the public IP resource. Possible values are: 'Updating', 'Deleting', and 'Failed'.
