---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_backend"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-backend"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Backend instance.
---

# azurerm_backend

Manage Azure Backend instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the API Management service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `backendid` - (Required) Identifier of the Backend entity. Must be unique in the current API Management service instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `protocol` - (Required) Backend communication protocol.

* `url` - (Required) Runtime Url of the Backend.

* `credentials` - (Optional) One `credential` block defined below.

* `description` - (Optional) Backend Description.

* `proxy` - (Optional) One `proxy` block defined below.

* `resource_id` - (Optional) Management Uri of the Resource in External System. This url can be the Arm Resource Id of Logic Apps, Function Apps or Api Apps.

* `service_fabric_cluster` - (Optional) One `service_fabric_cluster` block defined below.

* `title` - (Optional) Backend Title.

* `tls` - (Optional) One `tl` block defined below.

---

The `credential` block supports the following:

* `certificate` - (Optional) List of Client Certificate Thumbprint.

* `query` - (Optional) Query Parameter description.

* `header` - (Optional) Header Parameter description.

* `authorization` - (Optional) One `authorization` block defined below.


---

The `authorization` block supports the following:

* `scheme` - (Required) Authentication Scheme name.

* `parameter` - (Required) Authentication Parameter value.

---

The `proxy` block supports the following:

* `url` - (Required) WebProxy Server AbsoluteUri property which includes the entire URI stored in the Uri instance, including all fragments and query strings.

* `username` - (Optional) Username to connect to the WebProxy server

* `password` - (Optional) Password to connect to the WebProxy Server

---

The `service_fabric_cluster` block supports the following:

* `client_certificatethumbprint` - (Required) The client certificate thumbprint for the management endpoint.

* `max_partition_resolution_retries` - (Optional) Maximum number of retries while attempting resolve the partition.

* `management_endpoints` - (Required) The cluster management endpoint.

* `server_certificate_thumbprints` - (Optional) Thumbprints of certificates cluster management service uses for tls communication

* `server_x509names` - (Optional) One or more `server_x509name` block defined below.


---

The `server_x509name` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Common Name of the Certificate.

* `issuer_certificate_thumbprint` - (Optional) Thumbprint for the Issuer of the Certificate.

---

The `tl` block supports the following:

* `validate_certificate_chain` - (Optional) Flag indicating whether SSL certificate chain validation should be done when using self-signed certificates for this backend host.

* `validate_certificate_name` - (Optional) Flag indicating whether SSL certificate name validation should be done when using self-signed certificates for this backend host.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type for API Management resource.
