---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_server_endpoint"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-server-endpoint"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ServerEndpoint instance.
---

# azurerm_server_endpoint

Manage Azure ServerEndpoint instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of Server Endpoint object. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `storage_sync_service_name` - (Required) Name of Storage Sync Service resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sync_group_name` - (Required) Name of Sync Group resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Required. Gets or sets the location of the resource. This will be one of the supported and registered Azure Geo Regions (e.g. West US, East US, Southeast Asia, etc.). The geo region of a resource cannot be changed once it is created, but if an identical geo region is specified on update, the request will succeed. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `cloud_tiering` - (Optional) Cloud Tiering. Defaults to `on`.

* `pattern` - (Optional) Pattern of the files. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `recall_path` - (Optional) Recall path. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `volume_free_space_percent` - (Optional) Level of free space to be maintained by Cloud Tiering if it is enabled.

* `tags` - (Optional) The user-specified tags associated with the server endpoint. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.
