---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_backend"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-backend"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Backend instance.
---

# azurerm_backend

Manage Azure Backend instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `backendid` - (Required) Identifier of the Backend entity. Must be unique in the current API Management service instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `protocol` - (Required) Backend communication protocol. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `service_name` - (Required) The name of the API Management service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `url` - (Required) WebProxy Server AbsoluteUri property which includes the entire URI stored in the Uri instance, including all fragments and query strings. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `certificate` - (Optional) List of Client Certificate Thumbprint. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `description` - (Optional) Backend Description. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `header` - (Optional) Header Parameter description. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `password` - (Optional) Password to connect to the WebProxy Server Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `query` - (Optional) Query Parameter description. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_id` - (Optional) Management Uri of the Resource in External System. This url can be the Arm Resource Id of Logic Apps, Function Apps or Api Apps. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `skip_certificate_chain_validation` - (Optional) Flag indicating whether SSL certificate chain validation should be skipped when using self-signed certificates for this backend host.

* `skip_certificate_name_validation` - (Optional) Flag indicating whether SSL certificate name validation should be skipped when using self-signed certificates for this backend host.

* `title` - (Optional) Backend Title. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `username` - (Optional) Username to connect to the WebProxy server Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Uniquely identifies the backend within the current API Management service instance. The value is a valid relative URL in the format of /backends/{backendId} where {backendId} is a backend identifier.
