---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_volume"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-volume"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Volume instance.
---

# azurerm_volume

Manage Azure Volume instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The identity of the volume. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Azure resource group name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `provider` - (Required) Provider of the volume.

* `location` - (Optional) The geo-location where the resource lives Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `azure_file_parameters` - (Optional) One `azure_file_parameter` block defined below.

* `description` - (Optional) User readable description of the volume.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `azure_file_parameter` block supports the following:

* `account_name` - (Required) Name of the Azure storage account for the File Share.

* `account_key` - (Optional) Access key of the Azure storage account for the File Share.

* `share_name` - (Required) Name of the Azure Files file share that provides storage for the volume.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - State of the resource.

* `id` - Fully qualified identifier for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.
