---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_gallery_application"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-gallery-application"
description: |-
  Manage Azure GalleryApplication instance.
---

# azurerm_gallery_application

Manage Azure GalleryApplication instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `gallery_application_name` - (Required) The name of the gallery Application Definition to be created or updated. The allowed characters are alphabets and numbers with dots, dashes, and periods allowed in the middle. The maximum length is 80 characters. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `gallery_name` - (Required) The name of the Shared Application Gallery in which the Application Definition is to be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `supported_ostype` - (Required) This property allows you to specify the supported type of the OS that application is built for. <br><br> Possible values are: <br><br> **Windows** <br><br> **Linux**

* `description` - (Optional) The description of this gallery Application Definition resource. This property is updatable.

* `end_of_life_date` - (Optional) The end of life date of the gallery Application Definition. This property can be used for decommissioning purposes. This property is updatable.

* `eula` - (Optional) The Eula agreement for the gallery Application Definition.

* `privacy_statement_uri` - (Optional) The privacy statement uri.

* `release_note_uri` - (Optional) The release note uri.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type
