---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_artifact_source"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-artifact-source"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ArtifactSource instance.
---

# azurerm_artifact_source

Manage Azure ArtifactSource instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the artifact source. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `lab_name` - (Required) The name of the lab. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `arm_template_folder_path` - (Optional) The folder containing Azure Resource Manager templates.

* `branch_ref` - (Optional) The artifact source's branch reference.

* `display_name` - (Optional) The artifact source's display name.

* `folder_path` - (Optional) The folder containing artifacts.

* `security_token` - (Optional) The security token to authenticate to the artifact source.

* `source_type` - (Optional) The artifact source's type. Defaults to `VsoGit`.

* `status` - (Optional) Indicates if the artifact source is enabled (values: Enabled, Disabled). Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `uri` - (Optional) The artifact source's URI.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `created_date` - The artifact source's creation date.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning status of the resource.

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
