---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_workspace"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-workspace"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Workspace instance.
---

# azurerm_workspace

Manage Azure Workspace instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of Azure Machine Learning workspace. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the resource group in which workspace is located. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Specifies the location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `description` - (Optional) The description of this workspace.

* `friendly_name` - (Optional) The friendly name for this workspace.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) The resource tags for the machine learning workspace. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Name of the sku

* `tier` - (Optional) Tier of the sku like Basic or Enterprise

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `workspace_id` - The immutable id associated with this workspace.

* `creation_time` - The creation time of the machine learning workspace in ISO8601 format.

* `key_vault` - ARM id of the key vault associated with this workspace. This cannot be changed once the workspace has been created

* `application_insights` - ARM id of the application insights associated with this workspace. This cannot be changed once the workspace has been created

* `container_registry` - ARM id of the container registry associated with this workspace. This cannot be changed once the workspace has been created

* `storage_account` - ARM id of the storage account associated with this workspace. This cannot be changed once the workspace has been created

* `discovery_url` - Url for the discovery service to identify regional endpoints for machine learning experimentation services

* `provisioning_state` - The current deployment state of workspace resource. The provisioningState is to indicate states for resource provisioning.

* `id` - Specifies the resource ID.

* `name` - Specifies the name of the resource.

* `identity` - One `identity` block defined below.

* `type` - Specifies the type of the resource.


---

The `identity` block contains the following:

* `principal_id` - The principal ID of resource identity.

* `tenant_id` - The tenant ID of resource.

* `type` - The identity type.
