---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_snapshot"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-snapshot"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Snapshot instance.
---

# azurerm_snapshot

Manage Azure Snapshot instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the snapshot that is being created. The name can't be changed after the snapshot is created. Supported characters for the name are a-z, A-Z, 0-9 and _. The max name length is 80 characters. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `access` - (Required)  Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `duration_in_seconds` - (Required) Time duration in seconds until the SAS access expires. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `disk_size_gb` - (Optional) If creationData.createOption is Empty, this field is mandatory and it indicates the size of the disk to create. If this field is present for updates or creation with other options, it indicates a resize. Resizes are only allowed if the disk is not attached to a running VM, and can only increase the disk's size.

* `encryption_settings_collection` - (Optional) One `encryption_settings_collection` block defined below.

* `os_type` - (Optional) the Operating System type. Defaults to `Windows`.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `encryption_settings_collection` block supports the following:

* `enabled` - (Required) Set this flag to true and provide DiskEncryptionKey and optional KeyEncryptionKey to enable encryption. Set this flag to false and remove DiskEncryptionKey and KeyEncryptionKey to disable encryption. If EncryptionSettings is null in the request object, the existing settings remain unchanged.

* `encryption_settings` - (Optional) One or more `encryption_setting` block defined below.

* `encryption_settings_version` - (Optional) Describes what type of encryption is used for the disks. Once this field is set, it cannot be overwritten. '1.0' corresponds to Azure Disk Encryption with AAD app.'1.1' corresponds to Azure Disk Encryption.


---

The `encryption_setting` block supports the following:

* `disk_encryption_key` - (Optional) One `disk_encryption_key` block defined below.

* `key_encryption_key` - (Optional) One `key_encryption_key` block defined below.


---

The `disk_encryption_key` block supports the following:

* `source_vault` - (Required) One `source_vault` block defined below.

* `secret_url` - (Required) Url pointing to a key or secret in KeyVault


---

The `source_vault` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `key_encryption_key` block supports the following:

* `source_vault` - (Required) One `source_vault` block defined below.

* `key_url` - (Required) Url pointing to a key or secret in KeyVault


---

The `source_vault` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The sku name. Defaults to `Standard_LRS`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `time_created` - The time when the disk was created.

* `hyper_vgeneration` - The hypervisor generation of the Virtual Machine. Applicable to OS disks only.

* `creation_data` - One `creation_datum` block defined below.

* `disk_size_bytes` - The size of the disk in bytes. This field is read only.

* `unique_id` - Unique Guid identifying the resource.

* `provisioning_state` - The disk provisioning state.

* `incremental` - Whether a snapshot is incremental. Incremental snapshots on the same disk occupy less space than full snapshots and can be diffed.

* `encryption` - One `encryption` block defined below.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type

* `managed_by` - Unused. Always Null.


---

The `creation_datum` block contains the following:

* `create_option` - This enumerates the possible sources of a disk's creation.

* `storage_account_id` - If createOption is Import, the Azure Resource Manager identifier of the storage account containing the blob to import as a disk. Required only if the blob is in a different subscription

* `image_reference` - One `image_reference` block defined below.

* `source_uri` - If createOption is Import, this is the URI of a blob to be imported into a managed disk.

* `source_resource_id` - If createOption is Copy, this is the ARM id of the source snapshot or disk.

* `source_unique_id` - If this field is set, this is the unique id identifying the source of this resource.

* `upload_size_bytes` - If createOption is Upload, this is the size of the contents of the upload including the VHD footer. This value should be between 20972032 (20 MiB + 512 bytes for the VHD footer) and 35183298347520 bytes (32 TiB + 512 bytes for the VHD footer).


---

The `image_reference` block contains the following:

* `id` - A relative uri containing either a Platform Image Repository or user image reference.

* `lun` - If the disk is created from an image's data disk, this is an index that indicates which of the data disks in the image to use. For OS disks, this field is null.

---

The `encryption` block contains the following:

* `disk_encryption_set_id` - ResourceId of the disk encryption set to use for enabling encryption at rest.

* `type` - The type of key used to encrypt the data of the disk.
