---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_relationship_link"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-relationship-link"
description: |-
  Manage Azure RelationshipLink instance.
---

# azurerm_relationship_link

Manage Azure RelationshipLink instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the relationship. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `hub_name` - (Required) The name of the hub. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `interaction_type` - (Required) The InteractionType associated with the Relationship Link.

* `profile_property_references` - (Required) One or more `profile_property_reference` block defined below.

* `related_profile_property_references` - (Required) One or more `related_profile_property_reference` block defined below.

* `relationship_name` - (Required) The Relationship associated with the Link.

---

The `profile_property_reference` block supports the following:

* `interaction_property_name` - (Required) The interaction property that maps to the profile property.

* `profile_property_name` - (Required) The profile property that maps to the interaction property.

---

The `related_profile_property_reference` block supports the following:

* `interaction_property_name` - (Required) The interaction property that maps to the profile property.

* `profile_property_name` - (Required) The profile property that maps to the interaction property.

* `description` - (Optional) Localized descriptions for the Relationship Link.

* `display_name` - (Optional) Localized display name for the Relationship Link.

* `mappings` - (Optional) One or more `mapping` block defined below.

---

The `mapping` block supports the following:

* `interaction_field_name` - (Required) The field name on the Interaction Type.

* `link_type` - (Optional) Link type. Defaults to `UpdateAlways`.

* `relationship_field_name` - (Required) The field name on the Relationship metadata.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `link_name` - The name of the Relationship Link.

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning state.

* `relationship_guid_id` - The relationship guid id.

* `tenant_id` - The hub name.

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
