---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_dsc_node_configuration"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-dsc-node-configuration"
description: |-
  Manage Azure DscNodeConfiguration instance.
---

# azurerm_dsc_node_configuration

Manage Azure DscNodeConfiguration instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The create or update parameters for configuration. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Required) Name of the node configuration. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of an Azure Resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `automation_account_name` - (Required) The name of the automation account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `configuration` - (Required) One `configuration` block defined below.

* `source` - (Required) One `source` block defined below.

---

The `configuration` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Gets or sets the name of the Dsc configuration.

---

The `source` block supports the following:

* `hash` - (Optional) One `hash` block defined below.

* `type` - (Optional) Gets or sets the content source type. Defaults to `embeddedContent`.

* `value` - (Optional) Gets or sets the value of the content. This is based on the content source type.

* `version` - (Optional) Gets or sets the version of the content.


---

The `hash` block supports the following:

* `algorithm` - (Required) Gets or sets the content hash algorithm used to hash the content.

* `value` - (Required) Gets or sets expected hash value of the content.

* `increment_node_configuration_build` - (Optional) If a new build version of NodeConfiguration is required. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource.
