---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_operationalization_cluster"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-operationalization-cluster"
description: |-
  Manage Azure OperationalizationCluster instance.
---

# azurerm_operationalization_cluster

Manage Azure OperationalizationCluster instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the resource group in which the cluster is located. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `cluster_type` - (Required) The cluster type.

* `app_insights` - (Optional) One `app_insight` block defined below.

* `container_registry` - (Optional) One `container_registry` block defined below.

* `container_service` - (Optional) One `container_service` block defined below.

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the cluster.

* `global_service_configuration` - (Optional) One `global_service_configuration` block defined below.

* `storage_account` - (Optional) One `storage_account` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Contains resource tags defined as key/value pairs. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `app_insight` block supports the following:

* `resource_id` - (Optional) ARM resource ID of the App Insights.

---

The `container_registry` block supports the following:

* `resource_id` - (Optional) ARM resource ID of the Azure Container Registry used to store Docker images for web services in the cluster. If not provided one will be created. This cannot be changed once the cluster is created.

---

The `container_service` block supports the following:

* `orchestrator_type` - (Required) Type of orchestrator. It cannot be changed once the cluster is created.

* `orchestrator_properties` - (Optional) One `orchestrator_property` block defined below.

* `system_services` - (Optional) One or more `system_service` block defined below.

* `master_count` - (Optional) The number of master nodes in the container service.

* `agent_count` - (Optional) The number of agent nodes in the Container Service. This can be changed to scale the cluster.

* `agent_vm_size` - (Optional) The Azure VM size of the agent VM nodes. This cannot be changed once the cluster is created. This list is non exhaustive; refer to https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/sizes for the possible VM sizes. Defaults to `Standard_A0`.


---

The `orchestrator_property` block supports the following:

* `service_principal` - (Optional) One `service_principal` block defined below.


---

The `service_principal` block supports the following:

* `client_id` - (Required) The service principal client ID

* `secret` - (Required) The service principal secret. This is not returned in response of GET/PUT on the resource. To see this please call listKeys.

---

The `system_service` block supports the following:

* `system_service_type` - (Required) The system service type

---

The `global_service_configuration` block supports the following:

* `additional_properties` - (Optional) Unmatched properties from the message are deserialized this collection

* `etag` - (Optional) The configuration ETag for updates.

* `ssl` - (Optional) One `ssl` block defined below.

* `service_auth` - (Optional) One `service_auth` block defined below.

* `auto_scale` - (Optional) One `auto_scale` block defined below.


---

The `ssl` block supports the following:

* `status` - (Optional) SSL status. Allowed values are Enabled and Disabled. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `cert` - (Optional) The SSL cert data in PEM format.

* `key` - (Optional) The SSL key data in PEM format. This is not returned in response of GET/PUT on the resource. To see this please call listKeys API.

* `cname` - (Optional) The CName of the certificate.

---

The `service_auth` block supports the following:

* `primary_auth_key_hash` - (Required) The primary auth key hash. This is not returned in response of GET/PUT on the resource.. To see this please call listKeys API.

* `secondary_auth_key_hash` - (Required) The secondary auth key hash. This is not returned in response of GET/PUT on the resource.. To see this please call listKeys API.

---

The `auto_scale` block supports the following:

* `status` - (Optional) If auto-scale is enabled for all services. Each service can turn it off individually. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `min_replicas` - (Optional) The minimum number of replicas for each service.

* `max_replicas` - (Optional) The maximum number of replicas for each service.

* `target_utilization` - (Optional) The target utilization.

* `refresh_period_in_seconds` - (Optional) Refresh period in seconds.

---

The `storage_account` block supports the following:

* `resource_id` - (Optional) ARM resource ID of the Azure Storage Account to store CLI specific files. If not provided one will be created. This cannot be changed once the cluster is created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `created_on` - The date and time when the cluster was created.

* `modified_on` - The date and time when the cluster was last modified.

* `provisioning_state` - The provision state of the cluster. Valid values are Unknown, Updating, Provisioning, Succeeded, and Failed.

* `provisioning_errors` - One or more `provisioning_error` block defined below.

* `id` - Specifies the resource ID.

* `name` - Specifies the name of the resource.

* `type` - Specifies the type of the resource.


---

The `provisioning_error` block contains the following:

* `error` - (Optional) One `error` block defined below.


---

The `error` block supports the following:

* `code` - (Required) Error code.

* `message` - (Required) Error message.

* `details` - (Optional) One or more `detail` block defined below.


---

The `detail` block supports the following:

* `code` - (Required) Error code.

* `message` - (Required) Error message.
