---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_connector_mapping"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-connector-mapping"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ConnectorMapping instance.
---

# azurerm_connector_mapping

Manage Azure ConnectorMapping instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the connector mapping. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `connector_name` - (Required) The name of the connector. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `entity_type` - (Required) Defines which entity type the file should map to.

* `entity_type_name` - (Required) The mapping entity name.

* `hub_name` - (Required) The name of the hub. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `mapping_properties` - (Required) One `mapping_property` block defined below.

---

The `mapping_property` block supports the following:

* `folder_path` - (Optional) The folder path for the mapping.

* `file_filter` - (Optional) The file filter for the mapping.

* `has_header` - (Optional) If the file contains a header or not.

* `error_management` - (Required) One `error_management` block defined below.

* `format` - (Required) One `format` block defined below.

* `availability` - (Required) One `availability` block defined below.

* `structure` - (Required) One or more `structure` block defined below.

* `complete_operation` - (Required) One `complete_operation` block defined below.


---

The `error_management` block supports the following:

* `error_management_type` - (Required) The type of error management to use for the mapping.

* `error_limit` - (Optional) The error limit allowed while importing data.

---

The `format` block supports the following:

* `format_type` - (Required) The type mapping format.

* `column_delimiter` - (Optional) The character that signifies a break between columns.

* `accept_language` - (Optional) The oData language.

* `quote_character` - (Optional) Quote character, used to indicate enquoted fields.

* `quote_escape_character` - (Optional) Escape character for quotes, can be the same as the quoteCharacter.

* `array_separator` - (Optional) Character separating array elements.

---

The `availability` block supports the following:

* `frequency` - (Optional) The frequency to update. Defaults to `Minute`.

* `interval` - (Required) The interval of the given frequency to use.

---

The `structure` block supports the following:

* `property_name` - (Required) The property name of the mapping entity.

* `column_name` - (Required) The column name of the import file.

* `custom_format_specifier` - (Optional) Custom format specifier for input parsing.

* `is_encrypted` - (Optional) Indicates if the column is encrypted.

---

The `complete_operation` block supports the following:

* `completion_operation_type` - (Optional) The type of completion operation. Defaults to `DoNothing`.

* `destination_folder` - (Optional) The destination folder where files will be moved to once the import is done.

* `connector_type` - (Optional) Type of connector. Defaults to `None`.

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the connector mapping.

* `display_name` - (Optional) Display name for the connector mapping.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
