---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_sql_virtual_machine_group"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-sql-virtual-machine-group"
description: |-
  Manage Azure SqlVirtualMachineGroup instance.
---

# azurerm_sql_virtual_machine_group

Manage Azure SqlVirtualMachineGroup instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the SQL virtual machine group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sql_image_offer` - (Optional) SQL image offer. Examples may include SQL2016-WS2016, SQL2017-WS2016.

* `sql_image_sku` - (Optional) SQL image sku. Defaults to `Developer`.

* `wsfc_domain_profile` - (Optional) One `wsfc_domain_profile` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `wsfc_domain_profile` block supports the following:

* `domain_fqdn` - (Optional) Fully qualified name of the domain.

* `ou_path` - (Optional) Organizational Unit path in which the nodes and cluster will be present.

* `cluster_bootstrap_account` - (Optional) Account name used for creating cluster (at minimum needs permissions to 'Create Computer Objects' in domain).

* `cluster_operator_account` - (Optional) Account name used for operating cluster i.e. will be part of administrators group on all the participating virtual machines in the cluster.

* `sql_service_account` - (Optional) Account name under which SQL service will run on all participating SQL virtual machines in the cluster.

* `file_share_witness_path` - (Optional) Optional path for fileshare witness.

* `storage_account_url` - (Optional) Fully qualified ARM resource id of the witness storage account.

* `storage_account_primary_key` - (Optional) Primary key of the witness storage account.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
