---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_storage_sync_service"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-storage-sync-service"
description: |-
  Manage Azure StorageSyncService instance.
---

# azurerm_storage_sync_service

Manage Azure StorageSyncService instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `storage_sync_service_name` - (Required) Name of Storage Sync Service resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Required. Gets or sets the location of the resource. This will be one of the supported and registered Azure Geo Regions (e.g. West US, East US, Southeast Asia, etc.). The geo region of a resource cannot be changed once it is created, but if an identical geo region is specified on update, the request will succeed. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `storage_sync_service_status` - (Optional) Storage Sync service status.

* `storage_sync_service_uid` - (Optional) Storage Sync service Uid

* `tags` - (Optional) Gets or sets a list of key value pairs that describe the resource. These tags can be used for viewing and grouping this resource (across resource groups). A maximum of 15 tags can be provided for a resource. Each tag must have a key with a length no greater than 128 characters and a value with a length no greater than 256 characters. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.
