---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_connection_monitor"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-connection-monitor"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ConnectionMonitor instance.
---

# azurerm_connection_monitor

Manage Azure ConnectionMonitor instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the connection monitor. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group containing Network Watcher. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `destination` - (Required) One `destination` block defined below.

* `network_watcher_name` - (Required) The name of the Network Watcher resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `source` - (Required) One `source` block defined below.

---

The `destination` block supports the following:

* `resource_id` - (Optional) The ID of the resource used as the destination by connection monitor.

* `address` - (Optional) Address of the connection monitor destination (IP or domain name).

* `port` - (Optional) The destination port used by connection monitor.

---

The `source` block supports the following:

* `resource_id` - (Required) The ID of the resource used as the source by connection monitor.

* `port` - (Optional) The source port used by connection monitor.

* `location` - (Optional) Connection monitor location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `auto_start` - (Optional) Determines if the connection monitor will start automatically once created.

* `monitoring_interval_in_seconds` - (Optional) Monitoring interval in seconds.

* `tags` - (Optional) Connection monitor tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the connection monitor.

* `start_time` - The date and time when the connection monitor was started.

* `monitoring_status` - The monitoring status of the connection monitor.

* `name` - Name of the connection monitor.

* `id` - ID of the connection monitor.

* `etag` - 

* `type` - Connection monitor type.
