---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_service"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-service"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Service instance.
---

# azurerm_service

Manage Azure Service instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Azure Search service associated with the specified resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group within the current subscription. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The geographic location of the resource. This must be one of the supported and registered Azure Geo Regions (for example, West US, East US, Southeast Asia, and so forth). This property is required when creating a new resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `hosting_mode` - (Optional) Applicable only for the standard3 SKU. You can set this property to enable up to 3 high density partitions that allow up to 1000 indexes, which is much higher than the maximum indexes allowed for any other SKU. For the standard3 SKU, the value is either 'default' or 'highDensity'. For all other SKUs, this value must be 'default'. Defaults to `default`.

* `identity` - (Optional) One `identity` block defined below.

* `partition_count` - (Optional) The number of partitions in the Search service; if specified, it can be 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, or 12. Values greater than 1 are only valid for standard SKUs. For 'standard3' services with hostingMode set to 'highDensity', the allowed values are between 1 and 3.

* `replica_count` - (Optional) The number of replicas in the Search service. If specified, it must be a value between 1 and 12 inclusive for standard SKUs or between 1 and 3 inclusive for basic SKU.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Tags to help categorize the resource in the Azure portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) The identity type.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The SKU of the Search service. Valid values include: 'free': Shared service. 'basic': Dedicated service with up to 3 replicas. 'standard': Dedicated service with up to 12 partitions and 12 replicas. 'standard2': Similar to standard, but with more capacity per search unit. 'standard3': The largest Standard offering with up to 12 partitions and 12 replicas (or up to 3 partitions with more indexes if you also set the hostingMode property to 'highDensity'). 'storage_optimized_l1': Supports 1TB per partition, up to 12 partitions. 'storage_optimized_l2': Supports 2TB per partition, up to 12 partitions.' Defaults to `free`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `status` - The status of the Search service. Possible values include: 'running': The Search service is running and no provisioning operations are underway. 'provisioning': The Search service is being provisioned or scaled up or down. 'deleting': The Search service is being deleted. 'degraded': The Search service is degraded. This can occur when the underlying search units are not healthy. The Search service is most likely operational, but performance might be slow and some requests might be dropped. 'disabled': The Search service is disabled. In this state, the service will reject all API requests. 'error': The Search service is in an error state. If your service is in the degraded, disabled, or error states, it means the Azure Search team is actively investigating the underlying issue. Dedicated services in these states are still chargeable based on the number of search units provisioned.

* `status_details` - The details of the Search service status.

* `provisioning_state` - The state of the last provisioning operation performed on the Search service. Provisioning is an intermediate state that occurs while service capacity is being established. After capacity is set up, provisioningState changes to either 'succeeded' or 'failed'. Client applications can poll provisioning status (the recommended polling interval is from 30 seconds to one minute) by using the Get Search Service operation to see when an operation is completed. If you are using the free service, this value tends to come back as 'succeeded' directly in the call to Create Search service. This is because the free service uses capacity that is already set up.

* `id` - The ID of the resource. This can be used with the Azure Resource Manager to link resources together.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The resource type.
