---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_asset_filter"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-asset-filter"
description: |-
  Manage Azure AssetFilter instance.
---

# azurerm_asset_filter

Manage Azure AssetFilter instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The Asset Filter name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `account_name` - (Required) The Media Services account name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `asset_name` - (Required) The Asset name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `first_quality` - (Optional) One `first_quality` block defined below.

* `presentation_time_range` - (Optional) One `presentation_time_range` block defined below.

* `tracks` - (Optional) One or more `track` block defined below.

---

The `first_quality` block supports the following:

* `bitrate` - (Required) The first quality bitrate.

---

The `presentation_time_range` block supports the following:

* `start_timestamp` - (Optional) The absolute start time boundary.

* `end_timestamp` - (Optional) The absolute end time boundary.

* `presentation_window_duration` - (Optional) The relative to end sliding window.

* `live_backoff_duration` - (Optional) The relative to end right edge.

* `timescale` - (Optional) The time scale of time stamps.

* `force_end_timestamp` - (Optional) The indicator of forcing existing of end time stamp.

---

The `track` block supports the following:

* `track_selections` - (Required) One or more `track_selection` block defined below.


---

The `track_selection` block supports the following:

* `property` - (Required) The track property type.

* `value` - (Required) The track property value.

* `operation` - (Required) The track property condition operation.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Fully qualified resource ID for the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
