---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_group"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-group"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Group instance.
---

# azurerm_group

Manage Azure Group instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the API Management service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `group_id` - (Required) Group identifier. Must be unique in the current API Management service instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) Group name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `description` - (Optional) Group description. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `external_id` - (Optional) Identifier of the external groups, this property contains the id of the group from the external identity provider, e.g. for Azure Active Directory aad://<tenant>.onmicrosoft.com/groups/<group object id>; otherwise the value is null. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `type` - (Optional) Group type. Defaults to `Custom`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Uniquely identifies the group within the current API Management service instance. The value is a valid relative URL in the format of /groups/{groupId} where {groupId} is a group identifier.

* `built_in` - true if the group is one of the three system groups (Administrators, Developers, or Guests); otherwise false.
