---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_streaming_locator"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-streaming-locator"
description: |-
  Manage Azure StreamingLocator instance.
---

# azurerm_streaming_locator

Manage Azure StreamingLocator instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The Streaming Locator name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `account_name` - (Required) The Media Services account name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `asset_name` - (Required) Asset Name

* `streaming_policy_name` - (Required) Name of the Streaming Policy used by this Streaming Locator. Either specify the name of Streaming Policy you created or use one of the predefined Streaming Policies. The predefined Streaming Policies available are: 'Predefined_DownloadOnly', 'Predefined_ClearStreamingOnly', 'Predefined_DownloadAndClearStreaming', 'Predefined_ClearKey', 'Predefined_MultiDrmCencStreaming' and 'Predefined_MultiDrmStreaming'

* `alternative_media_id` - (Optional) Alternative Media ID of this Streaming Locator

* `content_keys` - (Optional) One or more `content_key` block defined below.

* `default_content_key_policy_name` - (Optional) Name of the default ContentKeyPolicy used by this Streaming Locator.

* `end_time` - (Optional) The end time of the Streaming Locator.

* `filters` - (Optional) A list of asset or account filters which apply to this streaming locator

* `start_time` - (Optional) The start time of the Streaming Locator.

* `streaming_locator_id` - (Optional) The StreamingLocatorId of the Streaming Locator.

---

The `content_key` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Required) ID of Content Key

* `label_reference_in_streaming_policy` - (Optional) Label of Content Key as specified in the Streaming Policy

* `value` - (Optional) Value of Content Key

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Fully qualified resource ID for the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
