---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_workspace"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-workspace"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Workspace instance.
---

# azurerm_workspace

Manage Azure Workspace instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the machine learning workspace. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group to which the machine learning workspace belongs. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The location of the resource. This cannot be changed after the resource is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `owner_email` - (Required) The email id of the owner for this workspace.

* `user_storage_account_id` - (Required) The fully qualified arm id of the storage account associated with this workspace.

* `key_vault_identifier_id` - (Optional) The key vault identifier used for encrypted workspaces.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Name of the sku

* `tier` - (Optional) Tier of the sku like Basic or Enterprise

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `workspace_type` - The type of this workspace.

* `workspace_state` - The current state of workspace resource.

* `workspace_id` - The immutable id associated with this workspace.

* `creation_time` - The creation time for this workspace resource.

* `studio_endpoint` - The regional endpoint for the machine learning studio service which hosts this workspace.

* `id` - The resource ID.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
