---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_server_endpoint"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-server-endpoint"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ServerEndpoint instance.
---

# azurerm_server_endpoint

Manage Azure ServerEndpoint instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of Server Endpoint object. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `storage_sync_service_name` - (Required) Name of Storage Sync Service resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sync_group_name` - (Required) Name of Sync Group resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `cloud_tiering` - (Optional) Cloud Tiering. Defaults to `on`.

* `offline_data_transfer` - (Optional) Offline data transfer Defaults to `on`.

* `offline_data_transfer_share_name` - (Optional) Offline data transfer share name

* `pattern` - (Optional) Pattern of the files. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `recall_path` - (Optional) Recall path. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tier_files_older_than_days` - (Optional) Tier files older than days.

* `volume_free_space_percent` - (Optional) Level of free space to be maintained by Cloud Tiering if it is enabled.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.
