---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_topic"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-topic"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Topic instance.
---

# azurerm_topic

Manage Azure Topic instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `namespace_name` - (Required) The namespace name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `topic_name` - (Required) The topic name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) Topic name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `auto_delete_on_idle` - (Optional) TimeSpan idle interval after which the topic is automatically deleted. The minimum duration is 5 minutes.

* `default_message_time_to_live` - (Optional) Default message time to live value. This is the duration after which the message expires, starting from when the message is sent to Service Bus. This is the default value used when TimeToLive is not set on a message itself.

* `duplicate_detection_history_time_window` - (Optional) TimeSpan structure that defines the duration of the duplicate detection history. The default value is 10 minutes.

* `enable_batched_operations` - (Optional) Value that indicates whether server-side batched operations are enabled.

* `enable_express` - (Optional) Value that indicates whether Express Entities are enabled. An express topic holds a message in memory temporarily before writing it to persistent storage.

* `enable_partitioning` - (Optional) Value that indicates whether the topic to be partitioned across multiple message brokers is enabled.

* `entity_availability_status` - (Optional) Entity availability status for the topic. Defaults to `Available`.

* `filtering_messages_before_publishing` - (Optional) Whether messages should be filtered before publishing.

* `is_anonymous_accessible` - (Optional) Value that indicates whether the message is accessible anonymously.

* `is_express` - (Optional) 

* `max_size_in_megabytes` - (Optional) Maximum size of the topic in megabytes, which is the size of the memory allocated for the topic.

* `requires_duplicate_detection` - (Optional) Value indicating if this topic requires duplicate detection.

* `status` - (Optional) Enumerates the possible values for the status of a messaging entity. Defaults to `Active`.

* `support_ordering` - (Optional) Value that indicates whether the topic supports ordering.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `accessed_at` - Last time the message was sent, or a request was received, for this topic.

* `created_at` - Exact time the message was created.

* `count_details` - One `count_detail` block defined below.

* `size_in_bytes` - Size of the topic, in bytes.

* `subscription_count` - Number of subscriptions.

* `updated_at` - The exact time the message was updated.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `type` - Resource type


---

The `count_detail` block contains the following:

* `active_message_count` - (Optional) Number of active messages in the queue, topic, or subscription.

* `dead_letter_message_count` - (Optional) Number of messages that are dead lettered.

* `scheduled_message_count` - (Optional) Number of scheduled messages.

* `transfer_dead_letter_message_count` - (Optional) Number of messages transferred into dead letters.

* `transfer_message_count` - (Optional) Number of messages transferred to another queue, topic, or subscription.
