---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_vpn_gateway"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-vpn-gateway"
description: |-
  Manage Azure VpnGateway instance.
---

# azurerm_vpn_gateway

Manage Azure VpnGateway instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the gateway. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name of the VpnGateway. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `bgp_settings` - (Optional) One `bgp_setting` block defined below.

* `connections` - (Optional) One or more `connection` block defined below.

* `policies` - (Optional) One `policy` block defined below.

* `virtual_hub` - (Optional) One `virtual_hub` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `bgp_setting` block supports the following:

* `asn` - (Optional) The BGP speaker's ASN.

* `bgp_peering_address` - (Optional) The BGP peering address and BGP identifier of this BGP speaker.

* `peer_weight` - (Optional) The weight added to routes learned from this BGP speaker.

---

The `connection` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

* `remote_vpn_site` - (Optional) One `remote_vpn_site` block defined below.

* `routing_weight` - (Optional) routing weight for vpn connection.

* `connection_status` - (Optional) The connection status. Defaults to `Unknown`.

* `shared_key` - (Optional) SharedKey for the vpn connection.

* `enable_bgp` - (Optional) EnableBgp flag

* `ipsec_policies` - (Optional) One or more `ipsec_policy` block defined below.

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource.


---

The `remote_vpn_site` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

---

The `ipsec_policy` block supports the following:

* `sa_life_time_seconds` - (Required) The IPSec Security Association (also called Quick Mode or Phase 2 SA) lifetime in seconds for a site to site VPN tunnel.

* `sa_data_size_kilobytes` - (Required) The IPSec Security Association (also called Quick Mode or Phase 2 SA) payload size in KB for a site to site VPN tunnel.

* `ipsec_encryption` - (Required) The IPSec encryption algorithm (IKE phase 1).

* `ipsec_integrity` - (Required) The IPSec integrity algorithm (IKE phase 1).

* `ike_encryption` - (Required) The IKE encryption algorithm (IKE phase 2).

* `ike_integrity` - (Required) The IKE integrity algorithm (IKE phase 2).

* `dh_group` - (Required) The DH Groups used in IKE Phase 1 for initial SA.

* `pfs_group` - (Required) The Pfs Groups used in IKE Phase 2 for new child SA.

---

The `policy` block supports the following:

* `allow_branch_to_branch_traffic` - (Optional) True if branch to branch traffic is allowed.

* `allow_vnet_to_vnet_traffic` - (Optional) True if Vnet to Vnet traffic is allowed.

---

The `virtual_hub` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the resource.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.

* `etag` - Gets a unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated.
