---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_application_type_version"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-application-type-version"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ApplicationTypeVersion instance.
---

# azurerm_application_type_version

Manage Azure ApplicationTypeVersion instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `app_package_url` - (Required) The URL to the application package

* `application_type_name` - (Required) The name of the application type name resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `cluster_name` - (Required) The name of the cluster resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `version` - (Required) The application type version. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Azure resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) Azure resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The current deployment or provisioning state, which only appears in the response

* `default_parameter_list` - List of application type parameters that can be overridden when creating or updating the application.

* `id` - Azure resource identifier.

* `name` - Azure resource name.

* `type` - Azure resource type.

* `etag` - Azure resource etag.
