---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_protected_item"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-protected-item"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ProtectedItem instance.
---

# azurerm_protected_item

Manage Azure ProtectedItem instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Backed up item to be deleted. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group where the recovery services vault is present. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `container_name` - (Required) Container name associated with the backed up item. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `fabric_name` - (Required) Fabric name associated with the backed up item. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `vault_name` - (Required) The name of the recovery services vault. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `backup_management_type` - (Optional) Type of backup management for the backed up item. Defaults to `Invalid`.

* `backup_set_name` - (Optional) Name of the backup set the backup item belongs to

* `container_name` - (Optional) Unique name of container

* `create_mode` - (Optional) Create mode to indicate recovery of existing soft deleted data source or creation of new data source. Defaults to `Invalid`.

* `deferred_delete_time_in_utc` - (Optional) Time for deferred deletion in UTC

* `deferred_delete_time_remaining` - (Optional) Time remaining before the DS marked for deferred delete is permanently deleted

* `e_tag` - (Optional) Optional ETag. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `is_deferred_delete_schedule_upcoming` - (Optional) Flag to identify whether the deferred deleted DS is to be purged soon

* `is_rehydrate` - (Optional) Flag to identify that deferred deleted DS is to be moved into Pause state

* `is_scheduled_for_deferred_delete` - (Optional) Flag to identify whether the DS is scheduled for deferred delete

* `last_recovery_point` - (Optional) Timestamp when the last (latest) backup copy was created for this backup item.

* `policy_id` - (Optional) ID of the backup policy with which this item is backed up.

* `source_resource_id` - (Optional) ARM ID of the resource to be backed up.

* `workload_type` - (Optional) Type of workload this item represents. Defaults to `Invalid`.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource Id represents the complete path to the resource.

* `name` - Resource name associated with the resource.

* `type` - Resource type represents the complete path of the form Namespace/ResourceType/ResourceType/...
