---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_identity_provider"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-identity-provider"
description: |-
  Manage Azure IdentityProvider instance.
---

# azurerm_identity_provider

Manage Azure IdentityProvider instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Identity Provider Type identifier. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `service_name` - (Required) The name of the API Management service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `allowed_tenants` - (Optional) List of Allowed Tenants when configuring Azure Active Directory login. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `client_id` - (Optional) Client Id of the Application in the external Identity Provider. It is App ID for Facebook login, Client ID for Google login, App ID for Microsoft. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `client_secret` - (Optional) Client secret of the Application in external Identity Provider, used to authenticate login request. For example, it is App Secret for Facebook login, API Key for Google login, Public Key for Microsoft. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `type` - (Optional) Identity Provider Type identifier. Defaults to `facebook`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:
