---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_relationship"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-relationship"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Relationship instance.
---

# azurerm_relationship

Manage Azure Relationship instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the relationship. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `hub_name` - (Required) The name of the hub. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `profile_type` - (Required) Profile type.

* `related_profile_type` - (Required) Related profile being referenced.

* `cardinality` - (Optional) The Relationship Cardinality. Defaults to `OneToOne`.

* `description` - (Optional) Localized descriptions for the Relationship.

* `display_name` - (Optional) Localized display name for the Relationship.

* `expiry_date_time_utc` - (Optional) The expiry date time in UTC.

* `fields` - (Optional) One or more `field` block defined below.

* `lookup_mappings` - (Optional) One or more `lookup_mapping` block defined below.

---

The `field` block supports the following:

* `array_value_separator` - (Optional) Array value separator for properties with isArray set.

* `enum_valid_values` - (Optional) One or more `enum_valid_value` block defined below.

* `field_name` - (Required) Name of the property.

* `field_type` - (Required) Type of the property.

* `is_array` - (Optional) Indicates if the property is actually an array of the fieldType above on the data api.

* `is_enum` - (Optional) Indicates if the property is an enum.

* `is_flag_enum` - (Optional) Indicates if the property is an flag enum.

* `is_image` - (Optional) Whether the property is an Image.

* `is_localized_string` - (Optional) Whether the property is a localized string.

* `is_name` - (Optional) Whether the property is a name or a part of name.

* `is_required` - (Optional) Whether property value is required on instances, IsRequired field only for Interaction. Profile Instance will not check for required field.

* `property_id` - (Optional) The ID associated with the property.

* `schema_item_prop_link` - (Optional) URL encoded schema.org item prop link for the property.

* `max_length` - (Optional) Max length of string. Used only if type is string.

* `is_available_in_graph` - (Optional) Whether property is available in graph or not.


---

The `enum_valid_value` block supports the following:

* `value` - (Optional) The integer value of the enum member.

* `localized_value_names` - (Optional) Localized names of the enum member.

---

The `lookup_mapping` block supports the following:

* `field_mappings` - (Required) One or more `field_mapping` block defined below.


---

The `field_mapping` block supports the following:

* `profile_field_name` - (Required) Specifies the fieldName in profile.

* `related_profile_key_property` - (Required) Specifies the KeyProperty (from StrongId) of the related profile.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning state.

* `relationship_name` - The Relationship name.

* `relationship_guid_id` - The relationship guid id.

* `tenant_id` - The hub name.

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
