---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_user"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-user"
description: |-
  Manage Azure User instance.
---

# azurerm_user

Manage Azure User instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the lab. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the user profile. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `identity` - (Optional) One `identity` block defined below.

* `secret_store` - (Optional) One `secret_store` block defined below.

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `identity` block supports the following:

* `principal_name` - (Optional) Set to the principal name / UPN of the client JWT making the request.

* `principal_id` - (Optional) Set to the principal Id of the client JWT making the request. Service principal will not have the principal Id.

* `tenant_id` - (Optional) Set to the tenant ID of the client JWT making the request.

* `object_id` - (Optional) Set to the object Id of the client JWT making the request. Not all users have object Id. For CSP (reseller) scenarios for example, object Id is not available.

* `app_id` - (Optional) Set to the app Id of the client JWT making the request.

---

The `secret_store` block supports the following:

* `key_vault_uri` - (Optional) The URI of the user's Key vault.

* `key_vault_id` - (Optional) The ID of the user's Key vault.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
