---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_availability_set"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-availability-set"
description: |-
  Manage Azure AvailabilitySet instance.
---

# azurerm_availability_set

Manage Azure AvailabilitySet instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the availability set. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `managed` - (Optional) If the availability set supports managed disks.

* `platform_fault_domain_count` - (Optional) Fault Domain count.

* `platform_update_domain_count` - (Optional) Update Domain count.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `virtual_machines` - (Optional) One or more `virtual_machine` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The sku name.

* `tier` - (Optional) Specifies the tier of virtual machines in a scale set.<br /><br /> Possible Values:<br /><br /> **Standard**<br /><br /> **Basic**

* `capacity` - (Optional) Specifies the number of virtual machines in the scale set.

---

The `virtual_machine` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `statuses` - One or more `status` block defined below.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type


---

The `status` block contains the following:

* `code` - The status code.

* `level` - The level code.

* `display_status` - The short localizable label for the status.

* `message` - The detailed status message, including for alerts and error messages.

* `time` - The time of the status.
