---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_server_key"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-server-key"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ServerKey instance.
---

# azurerm_server_key

Manage Azure ServerKey instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the server key to be operated on (updated or created). The key name is required to be in the format of 'vault_key_version'. For example, if the keyId is https://YourVaultName.vault.azure.net/keys/YourKeyName/01234567890123456789012345678901, then the server key name should be formatted as: YourVaultName_YourKeyName_01234567890123456789012345678901 Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `server_key_type` - (Required) The server key type like 'ServiceManaged', 'AzureKeyVault'.

* `server_name` - (Required) The name of the server. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `creation_date` - (Optional) The server key creation date.

* `kind` - (Optional) Kind of encryption protector. This is metadata used for the Azure portal experience. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `thumbprint` - (Optional) Thumbprint of the server key.

* `uri` - (Optional) The URI of the server key.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `subregion` - Subregion of the server key.

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.

* `location` - Resource location.
