---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_enterprise_channel"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-enterprise-channel"
description: |-
  Manage Azure EnterpriseChannel instance.
---

# azurerm_enterprise_channel

Manage Azure EnterpriseChannel instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the Bot resource group in the user subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `nodes` - (Required) One or more `node` block defined below.

* `resource_name` - (Required) The name of the Bot resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `node` block supports the following:

* `state` - (Optional) The current state of the Enterprise Channel Node. Defaults to `Creating`.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Enterprise Channel Node.

* `azure_sku` - (Required) The sku of the Enterprise Channel Node.

* `azure_location` - (Required) The location of the Enterprise Channel Node.

* `location` - (Optional) Specifies the location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `etag` - (Optional) Entity Tag Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `kind` - (Optional) Required. Gets or sets the Kind of the resource. Defaults to `sdk`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `state` - (Optional) The current state of the Enterprise Channel. Defaults to `Creating`.

* `tags` - (Optional) Contains resource tags defined as key/value pairs. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The sku name

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Specifies the resource ID.

* `name` - Specifies the name of the resource.

* `type` - Specifies the type of the resource.
