---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_invitation"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-invitation"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Invitation instance.
---

# azurerm_invitation

Manage Azure Invitation instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the invitation. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `account_name` - (Required) The name of the share account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `share_name` - (Required) The name of the share to send the invitation for. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `target_active_directory_id` - (Optional) The target Azure AD Id. Can't be combined with email.

* `target_email` - (Optional) The email the invitation is directed to.

* `target_object_id` - (Optional) The target user or application Id that invitation is being sent to.<br>Must be specified along TargetActiveDirectoryId. This enables sending<br>invitations to specific users or applications in an AD tenant.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `invitation_id` - unique invitation id

* `invitation_status` - The status of the invitation.

* `responded_at` - The time the recipient responded to the invitation.

* `sent_at` - Gets the time at which the invitation was sent.

* `user_email` - Email of the user who created the resource

* `user_name` - Name of the user who created the resource

* `id` - The resource id of the azure resource

* `name` - Name of the azure resource

* `type` - Type of the azure resource
