---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_formula"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-formula"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Formula instance.
---

# azurerm_formula

Manage Azure Formula instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the lab. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the formula. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `author` - (Optional) The author of the formula.

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the formula.

* `formula_content` - (Optional) One `formula_content` block defined below.

* `os_type` - (Optional) The OS type of the formula.

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `vm` - (Optional) One `vm` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `formula_content` block supports the following:

* `bulk_creation_parameters` - (Optional) One `bulk_creation_parameter` block defined below.

* `notes` - (Optional) The notes of the virtual machine.

* `owner_object_id` - (Optional) The object identifier of the owner of the virtual machine.

* `owner_user_principal_name` - (Optional) The user principal name of the virtual machine owner.

* `created_by_user_id` - (Optional) The object identifier of the creator of the virtual machine.

* `created_by_user` - (Optional) The email address of creator of the virtual machine.

* `created_date` - (Optional) The creation date of the virtual machine.

* `custom_image_id` - (Optional) The custom image identifier of the virtual machine.

* `os_type` - (Optional) The OS type of the virtual machine.

* `size` - (Optional) The size of the virtual machine.

* `user_name` - (Optional) The user name of the virtual machine.

* `password` - (Optional) The password of the virtual machine administrator.

* `ssh_key` - (Optional) The SSH key of the virtual machine administrator.

* `is_authentication_with_ssh_key` - (Optional) Indicates whether this virtual machine uses an SSH key for authentication.

* `fqdn` - (Optional) The fully-qualified domain name of the virtual machine.

* `lab_subnet_name` - (Optional) The lab subnet name of the virtual machine.

* `lab_virtual_network_id` - (Optional) The lab virtual network identifier of the virtual machine.

* `disallow_public_ip_address` - (Optional) Indicates whether the virtual machine is to be created without a public IP address.

* `artifacts` - (Optional) One or more `artifact` block defined below.

* `artifact_deployment_status` - (Optional) One `artifact_deployment_status` block defined below.

* `gallery_image_reference` - (Optional) One `gallery_image_reference` block defined below.

* `compute_vm` - (Optional) One `compute_vm` block defined below.

* `network_interface` - (Optional) One `network_interface` block defined below.

* `applicable_schedule` - (Optional) One `applicable_schedule` block defined below.

* `expiration_date` - (Optional) The expiration date for VM.

* `allow_claim` - (Optional) Indicates whether another user can take ownership of the virtual machine

* `storage_type` - (Optional) Storage type to use for virtual machine (i.e. Standard, Premium).

* `virtual_machine_creation_source` - (Optional) Tells source of creation of lab virtual machine. Output property only. Defaults to `FromCustomImage`.

* `environment_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the environment that contains this virtual machine, if any.

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the virtual machine or environment

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the new virtual machine or environment Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource.


---

The `bulk_creation_parameter` block supports the following:

* `instance_count` - (Optional) The number of virtual machine instances to create.

---

The `artifact` block supports the following:

* `artifact_id` - (Optional) The artifact's identifier.

* `parameters` - (Optional) One or more `parameter` block defined below.

* `status` - (Optional) The status of the artifact.

* `deployment_status_message` - (Optional) The status message from the deployment.

* `vm_extension_status_message` - (Optional) The status message from the virtual machine extension.

* `install_time` - (Optional) The time that the artifact starts to install on the virtual machine.


---

The `parameter` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the artifact parameter.

* `value` - (Optional) The value of the artifact parameter.

---

The `artifact_deployment_status` block supports the following:

* `deployment_status` - (Optional) The deployment status of the artifact.

* `artifacts_applied` - (Optional) The total count of the artifacts that were successfully applied.

* `total_artifacts` - (Optional) The total count of the artifacts that were tentatively applied.

---

The `gallery_image_reference` block supports the following:

* `offer` - (Optional) The offer of the gallery image.

* `publisher` - (Optional) The publisher of the gallery image.

* `sku` - (Optional) The SKU of the gallery image.

* `os_type` - (Optional) The OS type of the gallery image.

* `version` - (Optional) The version of the gallery image.

---

The `compute_vm` block supports the following:

* `statuses` - (Optional) One or more `status` block defined below.

* `os_type` - (Optional) Gets the OS type of the virtual machine.

* `vm_size` - (Optional) Gets the size of the virtual machine.

* `network_interface_id` - (Optional) Gets the network interface ID of the virtual machine.

* `os_disk_id` - (Optional) Gets OS disk blob uri for the virtual machine.

* `data_disk_ids` - (Optional) Gets data disks blob uri for the virtual machine.

* `data_disks` - (Optional) One or more `data_disk` block defined below.


---

The `status` block supports the following:

* `code` - (Optional) Gets the status Code.

* `display_status` - (Optional) Gets the short localizable label for the status.

* `message` - (Optional) Gets the message associated with the status.

---

The `data_disk` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Gets data disk name.

* `disk_uri` - (Optional) When backed by a blob, the URI of underlying blob.

* `managed_disk_id` - (Optional) When backed by managed disk, this is the ID of the compute disk resource.

* `disk_size_gi_b` - (Optional) Gets data disk size in GiB.

---

The `network_interface` block supports the following:

* `virtual_network_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the virtual network.

* `subnet_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the sub net.

* `public_ip_address_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the public IP address.

* `public_ip_address` - (Optional) The public IP address.

* `private_ip_address` - (Optional) The private IP address.

* `dns_name` - (Optional) The DNS name.

* `rdp_authority` - (Optional) The RdpAuthority property is a server DNS host name or IP address followed by the service port number for RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol).

* `ssh_authority` - (Optional) The SshAuthority property is a server DNS host name or IP address followed by the service port number for SSH.

* `shared_public_ip_address_configuration` - (Optional) One `shared_public_ip_address_configuration` block defined below.


---

The `shared_public_ip_address_configuration` block supports the following:

* `inbound_nat_rules` - (Optional) One or more `inbound_nat_rule` block defined below.


---

The `inbound_nat_rule` block supports the following:

* `transport_protocol` - (Optional) The transport protocol for the endpoint. Defaults to `Tcp`.

* `frontend_port` - (Optional) The external endpoint port of the inbound connection. Possible values range between 1 and 65535, inclusive. If unspecified, a value will be allocated automatically.

* `backend_port` - (Optional) The port to which the external traffic will be redirected.

---

The `applicable_schedule` block supports the following:

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource.

* `lab_vms_shutdown` - (Optional) One `lab_vms_shutdown` block defined below.

* `lab_vms_startup` - (Optional) One `lab_vms_startup` block defined below.


---

The `lab_vms_shutdown` block supports the following:

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource.

* `status` - (Optional) The status of the schedule (i.e. Enabled, Disabled) Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `task_type` - (Optional) The task type of the schedule (e.g. LabVmsShutdownTask, LabVmAutoStart).

* `weekly_recurrence` - (Optional) One `weekly_recurrence` block defined below.

* `daily_recurrence` - (Optional) One `daily_recurrence` block defined below.

* `hourly_recurrence` - (Optional) One `hourly_recurrence` block defined below.

* `time_zone_id` - (Optional) The time zone ID (e.g. Pacific Standard time).

* `notification_settings` - (Optional) One `notification_setting` block defined below.

* `target_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID to which the schedule belongs

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).


---

The `weekly_recurrence` block supports the following:

* `weekdays` - (Optional) The days of the week for which the schedule is set (e.g. Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, etc.).

* `time` - (Optional) The time of the day the schedule will occur.

---

The `daily_recurrence` block supports the following:

* `time` - (Optional) The time of day the schedule will occur.

---

The `hourly_recurrence` block supports the following:

* `minute` - (Optional) Minutes of the hour the schedule will run.

---

The `notification_setting` block supports the following:

* `status` - (Optional) If notifications are enabled for this schedule (i.e. Enabled, Disabled). Defaults to `Disabled`.

* `time_in_minutes` - (Optional) Time in minutes before event at which notification will be sent.

* `webhook_url` - (Optional) The webhook URL to which the notification will be sent.

---

The `lab_vms_startup` block supports the following:

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource.

* `status` - (Optional) The status of the schedule (i.e. Enabled, Disabled) Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `task_type` - (Optional) The task type of the schedule (e.g. LabVmsShutdownTask, LabVmAutoStart).

* `weekly_recurrence` - (Optional) One `weekly_recurrence` block defined below.

* `daily_recurrence` - (Optional) One `daily_recurrence` block defined below.

* `hourly_recurrence` - (Optional) One `hourly_recurrence` block defined below.

* `time_zone_id` - (Optional) The time zone ID (e.g. Pacific Standard time).

* `notification_settings` - (Optional) One `notification_setting` block defined below.

* `target_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID to which the schedule belongs

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).


---

The `weekly_recurrence` block supports the following:

* `weekdays` - (Optional) The days of the week for which the schedule is set (e.g. Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, etc.).

* `time` - (Optional) The time of the day the schedule will occur.

---

The `daily_recurrence` block supports the following:

* `time` - (Optional) The time of day the schedule will occur.

---

The `hourly_recurrence` block supports the following:

* `minute` - (Optional) Minutes of the hour the schedule will run.

---

The `notification_setting` block supports the following:

* `status` - (Optional) If notifications are enabled for this schedule (i.e. Enabled, Disabled). Defaults to `Disabled`.

* `time_in_minutes` - (Optional) Time in minutes before event at which notification will be sent.

* `webhook_url` - (Optional) The webhook URL to which the notification will be sent.

---

The `vm` block supports the following:

* `lab_vm_id` - (Optional) The identifier of the VM from which a formula is to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `creation_date` - The creation date of the formula.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning status of the resource.

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
