---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_lab"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-lab"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Lab instance.
---

# azurerm_lab

Manage Azure Lab instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `lab_account_name` - (Required) The name of the lab Account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `lab_name` - (Required) The name of the lab. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `max_users_in_lab` - (Optional) Maximum number of users allowed in the lab.

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `usage_quota` - (Optional) Maximum duration a user can use an environment for in the lab.

* `user_access_mode` - (Optional) Lab user access mode (open to all vs. restricted to those listed on the lab). Defaults to `Restricted`.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `user_quota` - Maximum value MaxUsersInLab can be set to, as specified by the service

* `invitation_code` - Invitation code that users can use to join a lab.

* `created_by_object_id` - Object id of the user that created the lab.

* `created_by_user_principal_name` - Lab creator name

* `created_date` - Creation date for the lab

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning status of the resource.

* `latest_operation_result` - One `latest_operation_result` block defined below.

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.


---

The `latest_operation_result` block contains the following:

* `status` - (Optional) The current status of the operation.

* `error_code` - (Optional) Error code on failure.

* `error_message` - (Optional) The error message.

* `request_uri` - (Optional) Request URI of the operation.

* `http_method` - (Optional) The HttpMethod - PUT/POST/DELETE for the operation.

* `operation_url` - (Optional) The URL to use to check long-running operation status
