---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_sync_group"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-sync-group"
description: |-
  Manage Azure SyncGroup instance.
---

# azurerm_sync_group

Manage Azure SyncGroup instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `database_name` - (Required) The name of the database on which the sync group is hosted. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `server_name` - (Required) The name of the server. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sync_group_name` - (Required) The name of the sync group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `conflict_resolution_policy` - (Optional) Conflict resolution policy of the sync group. Defaults to `HubWin`.

* `hub_database_password` - (Optional) Password for the sync group hub database credential.

* `hub_database_user_name` - (Optional) User name for the sync group hub database credential.

* `interval` - (Optional) Sync interval of the sync group.

* `schema` - (Optional) One `schema` block defined below.

* `sync_database_id` - (Optional) ARM resource id of the sync database in the sync group.

---

The `schema` block supports the following:

* `tables` - (Optional) One or more `table` block defined below.

* `master_sync_member_name` - (Optional) Name of master sync member where the schema is from.


---

The `table` block supports the following:

* `columns` - (Optional) One or more `column` block defined below.

* `quoted_name` - (Optional) Quoted name of sync group schema table.


---

The `column` block supports the following:

* `quoted_name` - (Optional) Quoted name of sync group table column.

* `data_size` - (Optional) Data size of the column.

* `data_type` - (Optional) Data type of the column.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `last_sync_time` - Last sync time of the sync group.

* `sync_state` - Sync state of the sync group.

* `id` - Resource ID.

* `name` - Resource name.

* `type` - Resource type.
