---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_live_event"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-live-event"
description: |-
  Manage Azure LiveEvent instance.
---

# azurerm_live_event

Manage Azure LiveEvent instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Live Event. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group within the Azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `account_name` - (Required) The Media Services account name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `input` - (Required) One `input` block defined below.

---

The `input` block supports the following:

* `streaming_protocol` - (Required) The streaming protocol for the Live Event.

* `key_frame_interval_duration` - (Optional) ISO 8601 timespan duration of the key frame interval duration.

* `access_token` - (Optional) The access token.

* `endpoints` - (Optional) One or more `endpoint` block defined below.


---

The `endpoint` block supports the following:

* `protocol` - (Optional) The endpoint protocol.

* `url` - (Optional) The endpoint URL.

* `location` - (Optional) The Azure Region of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `auto_start` - (Optional) The flag indicates if auto start the Live Event. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `cross_site_access_policies` - (Optional) One `cross_site_access_policy` block defined below.

* `description` - (Optional) The Live Event description.

* `encoding` - (Optional) One `encoding` block defined below.

* `preview` - (Optional) One `preview` block defined below.

* `stream_options` - (Optional) The stream options.

* `vanity_url` - (Optional) The Live Event vanity URL flag.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `cross_site_access_policy` block supports the following:

* `client_access_policy` - (Optional) The content of clientaccesspolicy.xml used by Silverlight.

* `cross_domain_policy` - (Optional) The content of crossdomain.xml used by Silverlight.

---

The `encoding` block supports the following:

* `encoding_type` - (Optional) The encoding type for Live Event. Defaults to `None`.

* `preset_name` - (Optional) The encoding preset name.

---

The `preview` block supports the following:

* `endpoints` - (Optional) One or more `endpoint` block defined below.

* `access_control` - (Optional) One `access_control` block defined below.

* `preview_locator` - (Optional) The preview locator Guid.

* `streaming_policy_name` - (Optional) The name of streaming policy used for LiveEvent preview

* `alternative_media_id` - (Optional) An Alternative Media Identifier associated with the preview url.  This identifier can be used to distinguish the preview of different live events for authorization purposes in the CustomLicenseAcquisitionUrlTemplate or the CustomKeyAcquisitionUrlTemplate of the StreamingPolicy specified in the StreamingPolicyName field.


---

The `endpoint` block supports the following:

* `protocol` - (Optional) The endpoint protocol.

* `url` - (Optional) The endpoint URL.

---

The `access_control` block supports the following:

* `ip` - (Optional) One `ip` block defined below.


---

The `ip` block supports the following:

* `allow` - (Optional) One or more `allow` block defined below.


---

The `allow` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The friendly name for the IP address range.

* `address` - (Optional) The IP address.

* `subnet_prefix_length` - (Optional) The subnet mask prefix length (see CIDR notation).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning state of the Live Event.

* `resource_state` - The resource state of the Live Event.

* `created` - The exact time the Live Event was created.

* `last_modified` - The exact time the Live Event was last modified.

* `id` - Fully qualified resource ID for the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
