---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_scheduled_query_rule"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-scheduled-query-rule"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ScheduledQueryRule instance.
---

# azurerm_scheduled_query_rule

Manage Azure ScheduledQueryRule instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `rule_name` - (Required) The name of the rule. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `source` - (Required) One `source` block defined below.

---

The `source` block supports the following:

* `query` - (Optional) Log search query. Required for action type - AlertingAction

* `authorized_resources` - (Optional) List of  Resource referred into query

* `data_source_id` - (Required) The resource uri over which log search query is to be run.

* `query_type` - (Optional) Set value to 'ResultCount' . Defaults to `ResultCount`.

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the Log Search rule.

* `enabled` - (Optional) The flag which indicates whether the Log Search rule is enabled. Value should be true or false Defaults to `true`.

* `schedule` - (Optional) One `schedule` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `schedule` block supports the following:

* `frequency_in_minutes` - (Required) frequency (in minutes) at which rule condition should be evaluated.

* `time_window_in_minutes` - (Required) Time window for which data needs to be fetched for query (should be greater than or equal to frequencyInMinutes).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `last_updated_time` - Last time the rule was updated in IS08601 format.

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning state of the scheduled query rule

* `id` - Azure resource Id

* `name` - Azure resource name

* `type` - Azure resource type
