---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_notification_channel"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-notification-channel"
description: |-
  Manage Azure NotificationChannel instance.
---

# azurerm_notification_channel

Manage Azure NotificationChannel instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the lab. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the notificationChannel. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `description` - (Optional) Description of notification.

* `event_name` - (Optional) The type of event (i.e. AutoShutdown, Cost) Defaults to `AutoShutdown`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `events` - (Optional) One or more `event` block defined below.

* `json_payload` - (Optional) Properties for the notification in json format. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `web_hook_url` - (Optional) The webhook URL to send notifications to.

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `event` block supports the following:

* `event_name` - (Optional) The event type for which this notification is enabled (i.e. AutoShutdown, Cost) Defaults to `AutoShutdown`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
