---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_binding"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-binding"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Binding instance.
---

# azurerm_binding

Manage Azure Binding instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Binding resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `app_name` - (Required) The name of the App resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `service_name` - (Required) The name of the Service resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `binding_parameters` - (Optional) Binding parameters of the Binding resource

* `key` - (Optional) The key of the bound resource

* `resource_id` - (Optional) The Azure resource id of the bound resource

* `resource_name` - (Optional) The name of the bound resource

* `resource_type` - (Optional) The standard Azure resource type of the bound resource

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `generated_properties` - The generated Spring Boot property file for this binding. The secret will be deducted.

* `created_at` - Creation time of the Binding resource

* `updated_at` - Update time of the Binding resource

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.
