---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_account"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-account"
description: |-
  Manage Azure Account instance.
---

# azurerm_account

Manage Azure Account instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the Azure resource group that contains the Data Lake Store account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) the account name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) the account regional location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `default_group` - (Optional) the default owner group for all new folders and files created in the Data Lake Store account.

* `encryption_config` - (Optional) One `encryption_config` block defined below.

* `encryption_state` - (Optional) The current state of encryption for this Data Lake store account. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `endpoint` - (Optional) the gateway host.

* `identity` - (Optional) One `identity` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) the value of custom properties. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `encryption_config` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Optional) The type of encryption configuration being used. Currently the only supported types are 'UserManaged' and 'ServiceManaged'. Defaults to `UserManaged`.

* `key_vault_meta_info` - (Optional) One `key_vault_meta_info` block defined below.


---

The `key_vault_meta_info` block supports the following:

* `key_vault_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource identifier for the user managed Key Vault being used to encrypt.

* `encryption_key_name` - (Optional) The name of the user managed encryption key.

* `encryption_key_version` - (Optional) The version of the user managed encryption key.

---

The `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Optional) The type of encryption being used. Currently the only supported type is 'SystemAssigned'. Defaults to `SystemAssigned`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - the status of the Data Lake Store account while being provisioned.

* `state` - the status of the Data Lake Store account after provisioning has completed.

* `creation_time` - the account creation time.

* `encryption_provisioning_state` - The current state of encryption provisioning for this Data Lake store account.

* `last_modified_time` - the account last modified time.

* `type` - the namespace and type of the account.

* `id` - the account subscription ID.
