---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_job_collection"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-job-collection"
description: |-
  Manage Azure JobCollection instance.
---

# azurerm_job_collection

Manage Azure JobCollection instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `job_collection_name` - (Required) The job collection name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `name` - (Optional) Gets or sets the job collection resource name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Gets or sets the storage account location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `quota` - (Optional) One `quotum` block defined below.

* `sku` - (Optional) One `sku` block defined below.

* `state` - (Optional) Gets or sets the state. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `tags` - (Optional) Gets or sets the tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `quotum` block supports the following:

* `max_job_count` - (Optional) Gets or set the maximum job count.

* `max_job_occurrence` - (Optional) Gets or sets the maximum job occurrence.

* `max_recurrence` - (Optional) One `max_recurrence` block defined below.


---

The `max_recurrence` block supports the following:

* `frequency` - (Optional) Gets or sets the frequency of recurrence (second, minute, hour, day, week, month). Defaults to `Minute`.

* `interval` - (Optional) Gets or sets the interval between retries.

---

The `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Gets or set the SKU. Defaults to `Standard`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Gets the job collection resource identifier.

* `type` - Gets the job collection resource type.
