---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_metric_alert"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-metric-alert"
description: |-
  Manage Azure MetricAlert instance.
---

# azurerm_metric_alert

Manage Azure MetricAlert instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `criteria` - (Required) One `criterium` block defined below.

* `description` - (Required) the description of the metric alert that will be included in the alert email.

* `enabled` - (Required) the flag that indicates whether the metric alert is enabled.

* `evaluation_frequency` - (Required) how often the metric alert is evaluated represented in ISO 8601 duration format.

* `rule_name` - (Required) The name of the rule. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `severity` - (Required) Alert severity {0, 1, 2, 3, 4}

* `window_size` - (Required) the period of time (in ISO 8601 duration format) that is used to monitor alert activity based on the threshold.

---

The `criterium` block supports the following:

* `additional_properties` - (Optional) Unmatched properties from the message are deserialized this collection

* `actions` - (Optional) One or more `action` block defined below.

* `auto_mitigate` - (Optional) the flag that indicates whether the alert should be auto resolved or not.

* `scopes` - (Optional) the list of resource id's that this metric alert is scoped to.

* `target_resource_region` - (Optional) the region of the target resource(s) on which the alert is created/updated. Mandatory for MultipleResourceMultipleMetricCriteria.

* `target_resource_type` - (Optional) the resource type of the target resource(s) on which the alert is created/updated. Mandatory for MultipleResourceMultipleMetricCriteria.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `action` block supports the following:

* `action_group_id` - (Optional) the id of the action group to use.

* `webhook_properties` - (Optional) The properties of a webhook object.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `last_updated_time` - Last time the rule was updated in ISO8601 format.

* `id` - Azure resource Id

* `name` - Azure resource name

* `type` - Azure resource type
