---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_file_server"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-file-server"
description: |-
  Manage Azure FileServer instance.
---

# azurerm_file_server

Manage Azure FileServer instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the file server within the specified resource group. File server names can only contain a combination of alphanumeric characters along with dash (-) and underscore (_). The name must be from 1 through 64 characters long. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the resource group to which the resource belongs. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `data_disks` - (Required) One `data_disk` block defined below.

* `ssh_configuration` - (Required) One `ssh_configuration` block defined below.

* `vm_size` - (Required) The size of the virtual machine for the File Server. For information about available VM sizes from the Virtual Machines Marketplace, see Sizes for Virtual Machines (Linux).

* `workspace_name` - (Required) The name of the workspace. Workspace names can only contain a combination of alphanumeric characters along with dash (-) and underscore (_). The name must be from 1 through 64 characters long. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `data_disk` block supports the following:

* `disk_size_in_gb` - (Required) Disk size in GB for the blank data disks.

* `caching_type` - (Optional) Caching type for the disks. Available values are none (default), readonly, readwrite. Caching type can be set only for VM sizes supporting premium storage. Defaults to `none`.

* `disk_count` - (Required) Number of data disks attached to the File Server. If multiple disks attached, they will be configured in RAID level 0.

* `storage_account_type` - (Required) Type of storage account to be used on the disk. Possible values are: Standard_LRS or Premium_LRS. Premium storage account type can only be used with VM sizes supporting premium storage.

---

The `ssh_configuration` block supports the following:

* `public_ips_to_allow` - (Optional) List of source IP ranges to allow SSH connection from. The default value is '*' (all source IPs are allowed). Maximum number of IP ranges that can be specified is 400.

* `user_account_settings` - (Required) One `user_account_setting` block defined below.


---

The `user_account_setting` block supports the following:

* `admin_user_name` - (Required) Name of the administrator user account which can be used to SSH to nodes.

* `admin_user_ssh_public_key` - (Optional) SSH public key of the administrator user account.

* `admin_user_password` - (Optional) Password of the administrator user account.

* `subnet` - (Optional) One `subnet` block defined below.

---

The `subnet` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Required) The ID of the resource

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `mount_settings` - One `mount_setting` block defined below.

* `provisioning_state_transition_time` - Time when the provisioning state was changed.

* `creation_time` - Time when the FileServer was created.

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning state of the File Server. Possible values: creating - The File Server is getting created; updating - The File Server creation has been accepted and it is getting updated; deleting - The user has requested that the File Server be deleted, and it is in the process of being deleted; failed - The File Server creation has failed with the specified error code. Details about the error code are specified in the message field; succeeded - The File Server creation has succeeded.

* `id` - The ID of the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.


---

The `mount_setting` block contains the following:

* `mount_point` - (Optional) Path where the data disks are mounted on the File Server.

* `file_server_public_ip` - (Optional) Public IP address of the File Server which can be used to SSH to the node from outside of the subnet.

* `file_server_internal_ip` - (Optional) Internal IP address of the File Server which can be used to access the File Server from within the subnet.
