---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_environment_setting"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-environment-setting"
description: |-
  Manage Azure EnvironmentSetting instance.
---

# azurerm_environment_setting

Manage Azure EnvironmentSetting instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the environment Setting. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `lab_account_name` - (Required) The name of the lab Account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `lab_name` - (Required) The name of the lab. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_settings` - (Required) One `resource_setting` block defined below.

---

The `resource_setting` block supports the following:

* `gallery_image_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource id of the gallery image used for creating the virtual machine

* `size` - (Optional) The size of the virtual machine Defaults to `Basic`.

* `reference_vm` - (Required) One `reference_vm` block defined below.


---

The `reference_vm` block supports the following:

* `user_name` - (Required) The username of the virtual machine

* `password` - (Optional) The password of the virtual machine. This will be set to null in GET resource API

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `configuration_state` - (Optional) Describes the user's progress in configuring their environment setting Defaults to `NotApplicable`.

* `description` - (Optional) Describes the environment and its resource settings

* `title` - (Optional) Brief title describing the environment and its resource settings

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `publishing_state` - Describes the readiness of this environment setting

* `last_changed` - Time when the template VM was last changed.

* `last_published` - Time when the template VM was last sent for publishing.

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning status of the resource.

* `latest_operation_result` - One `latest_operation_result` block defined below.

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.


---

The `latest_operation_result` block contains the following:

* `status` - (Optional) The current status of the operation.

* `error_code` - (Optional) Error code on failure.

* `error_message` - (Optional) The error message.

* `request_uri` - (Optional) Request URI of the operation.

* `http_method` - (Optional) The HttpMethod - PUT/POST/DELETE for the operation.

* `operation_url` - (Optional) The URL to use to check long-running operation status
