---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_user"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-user"
description: |-
  Manage Azure User instance.
---

# azurerm_user

Manage Azure User instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the user. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `lab_account_name` - (Required) The name of the lab Account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `lab_name` - (Required) The name of the lab. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `unique_identifier` - (Optional) The unique immutable identifier of a resource (Guid).

* `tags` - (Optional) The tags of the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `email` - The user email address, as it was specified during registration.

* `family_name` - The user family name, as it was specified during registration.

* `given_name` - The user given name, as it was specified during registration.

* `tenant_id` - The user tenant ID, as it was specified during registration.

* `total_usage` - How long the user has used his VMs in this lab

* `provisioning_state` - The provisioning status of the resource.

* `latest_operation_result` - One `latest_operation_result` block defined below.

* `id` - The identifier of the resource.

* `name` - The name of the resource.

* `type` - The type of the resource.


---

The `latest_operation_result` block contains the following:

* `status` - (Optional) The current status of the operation.

* `error_code` - (Optional) Error code on failure.

* `error_message` - (Optional) The error message.

* `request_uri` - (Optional) Request URI of the operation.

* `http_method` - (Optional) The HttpMethod - PUT/POST/DELETE for the operation.

* `operation_url` - (Optional) The URL to use to check long-running operation status
