---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_replication_protection_container"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-replication-protection-container"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ReplicationProtectionContainer instance.
---

# azurerm_replication_protection_container

Manage Azure ReplicationProtectionContainer instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group where the recovery services vault is present. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `fabric_name` - (Required) Unique fabric ARM name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `protection_container_name` - (Required) Unique protection container ARM name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_name` - (Required) The name of the recovery services vault. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `fabric_friendly_name` - Fabric friendly name.

* `friendly_name` - The name.

* `fabric_type` - The fabric type.

* `protected_item_count` - Number of protected PEs

* `pairing_status` - The pairing status of this cloud.

* `role` - The role of this cloud.

* `fabric_specific_details` - One `fabric_specific_detail` block defined below.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource Name

* `type` - Resource Type

* `location` - Resource Location


---

The `fabric_specific_detail` block contains the following:

* `instance_type` - (Optional) Gets the class type. Overridden in derived classes.
