---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_rosetta_net_process_configuration"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-rosetta-net-process-configuration"
description: |-
  Manage Azure RosettaNetProcessConfiguration instance.
---

# azurerm_rosetta_net_process_configuration

Manage Azure RosettaNetProcessConfiguration instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The integration account RosettaNetProcessConfiguration name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The resource group name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `activity_settings` - (Required) One `activity_setting` block defined below.

* `initiator_role_settings` - (Required) One `initiator_role_setting` block defined below.

* `integration_account_name` - (Required) The integration account name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `process_code` - (Required) The integration account RosettaNet process code.

* `process_name` - (Required) The integration account RosettaNet process name.

* `process_version` - (Required) The integration account RosettaNet process version.

* `responder_role_settings` - (Required) One `responder_role_setting` block defined below.

---

The `activity_setting` block supports the following:

* `activity_type` - (Required) The RosettaNet ProcessConfiguration activity type.

* `activity_behavior` - (Required) One `activity_behavior` block defined below.

* `acknowledgment_of_receipt_settings` - (Required) One `acknowledgment_of_receipt_setting` block defined below.


---

The `activity_behavior` block supports the following:

* `is_authorization_required` - (Required) The value indicating whether authorization is required.

* `persistent_confidentiality_scope` - (Required) The persistent confidentiality encryption scope.

* `is_secured_transport_required` - (Required) The value indicating whether secured transport is required.

* `action_type` - (Required) The value indicating whether the RosettaNet PIP is used for a single action.

* `response_type` - (Required) The value indicating whether the RosettaNet PIP communication is synchronous.

* `non_repudiation_of_origin_and_content` - (Required) The value indicating whether non-repudiation is for origin and content.

* `retry_count` - (Required) The value indicating retry count.

* `time_to_perform_in_seconds` - (Required) The time to perform in seconds.

---

The `acknowledgment_of_receipt_setting` block supports the following:

* `is_non_repudiation_required` - (Required) The non-repudiation is required or not.

* `time_to_acknowledge_in_seconds` - (Required) The time to acknowledge in seconds.

---

The `initiator_role_setting` block supports the following:

* `action` - (Required) The action name.

* `role` - (Required) The role name.

* `role_type` - (Required) The RosettaNet ProcessConfiguration role type.

* `service` - (Required) The service name.

* `service_classification` - (Required) The service classification name.

* `business_document` - (Required) One `business_document` block defined below.

* `description` - (Optional) The description.


---

The `business_document` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The business document name.

* `version` - (Required) The business document version.

* `description` - (Optional) The business document description.

---

The `responder_role_setting` block supports the following:

* `action` - (Required) The action name.

* `role` - (Required) The role name.

* `role_type` - (Required) The RosettaNet ProcessConfiguration role type.

* `service` - (Required) The service name.

* `service_classification` - (Required) The service classification name.

* `business_document` - (Required) One `business_document` block defined below.

* `description` - (Optional) The description.


---

The `business_document` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The business document name.

* `version` - (Required) The business document version.

* `description` - (Optional) The business document description.

* `location` - (Optional) The resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `description` - (Optional) The integration account RosettaNet ProcessConfiguration properties.

* `metadata` - (Optional) The metadata.

* `tags` - (Optional) The resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource id.

* `name` - Gets the resource name.

* `type` - Gets the resource type.
