---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_event_hub"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-event-hub"
description: |-
  Manage Azure EventHub instance.
---

# azurerm_event_hub

Manage Azure EventHub instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The Event Hub name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) Name of the resource group within the azure subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `namespace_name` - (Required) The Namespace name Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `capture_description` - (Optional) One `capture_description` block defined below.

* `message_retention_in_days` - (Optional) Number of days to retain the events for this Event Hub, value should be 1 to 7 days

* `partition_count` - (Optional) Number of partitions created for the Event Hub, allowed values are from 1 to 32 partitions.

* `status` - (Optional) Enumerates the possible values for the status of the Event Hub. Defaults to `Active`.

---

The `capture_description` block supports the following:

* `enabled` - (Optional) A value that indicates whether capture description is enabled.

* `encoding` - (Optional) Enumerates the possible values for the encoding format of capture description. Note: 'AvroDeflate' will be deprecated in New API Version Defaults to `Avro`.

* `interval_in_seconds` - (Optional) The time window allows you to set the frequency with which the capture to Azure Blobs will happen, value should between 60 to 900 seconds

* `size_limit_in_bytes` - (Optional) The size window defines the amount of data built up in your Event Hub before an capture operation, value should be between 10485760 to 524288000 bytes

* `destination` - (Optional) One `destination` block defined below.

* `skip_empty_archives` - (Optional) A value that indicates whether to Skip Empty Archives


---

The `destination` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Name for capture destination

* `storage_account_resource_id` - (Optional) Resource id of the storage account to be used to create the blobs

* `blob_container` - (Optional) Blob container Name

* `archive_name_format` - (Optional) Blob naming convention for archive, e.g. {Namespace}/{EventHub}/{PartitionId}/{Year}/{Month}/{Day}/{Hour}/{Minute}/{Second}. Here all the parameters (Namespace,EventHub .. etc) are mandatory irrespective of order

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `partition_ids` - Current number of shards on the Event Hub.

* `created_at` - Exact time the Event Hub was created.

* `updated_at` - The exact time the message was updated.

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type
