---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_jit_request"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-jit-request"
description: |-
  Manage Azure JitRequest instance.
---

# azurerm_jit_request

Manage Azure JitRequest instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the JIT request. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `application_resource_id` - (Required) The parent application id.

* `jit_authorization_policies` - (Required) One or more `jit_authorization_policy` block defined below.

* `jit_scheduling_policy` - (Required) One `jit_scheduling_policy` block defined below.

---

The `jit_authorization_policy` block supports the following:

* `principal_id` - (Required) The the principal id that will be granted JIT access.

* `role_definition_id` - (Required) The role definition id that will be granted to the Principal.

---

The `jit_scheduling_policy` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) The type of JIT schedule.

* `duration` - (Required) 

* `start_time` - (Required) The start time of the request.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) Jit request tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `publisher_tenant_id` - The publisher tenant id.

* `provisioning_state` - The JIT request provisioning state.

* `jit_request_state` - The JIT request state.

* `created_by` - One `created_by` block defined below.

* `updated_by` - One `updated_by` block defined below.

* `id` - Resource ID

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type


---

The `created_by` block contains the following:

* `oid` - The client Oid.

* `puid` - The client Puid

* `application_id` - The client application Id.

---

The `updated_by` block contains the following:

* `oid` - The client Oid.

* `puid` - The client Puid

* `application_id` - The client application Id.
