---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_virtual_network"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-virtual-network"
description: |-
  Manage Azure VirtualNetwork instance.
---

# azurerm_virtual_network

Manage Azure VirtualNetwork instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the virtual network. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `address_space` - (Optional) One `address_space` block defined below.

* `dhcp_options` - (Optional) One `dhcp_option` block defined below.

* `etag` - (Optional) Gets a unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_guid` - (Optional) Gets or sets resource guid property of the VirtualNetwork resource

* `subnets` - (Optional) One or more `subnet` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `address_space` block supports the following:

* `address_prefixes` - (Optional) Gets or sets List of address blocks reserved for this virtual network in CIDR notation

---

The `dhcp_option` block supports the following:

* `dns_servers` - (Optional) Gets or sets list of DNS servers IP addresses

---

The `subnet` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

* `address_prefix` - (Required) Gets or sets Address prefix for the subnet.

* `network_security_group` - (Optional) One `network_security_group` block defined below.

* `route_table` - (Optional) One `route_table` block defined below.

* `ip_configurations` - (Optional) One or more `ip_configuration` block defined below.

* `name` - (Optional) Gets name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource

* `etag` - (Optional) A unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated


---

The `network_security_group` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `route_table` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

---

The `ip_configuration` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Resource Id

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - Gets or sets Provisioning state of the PublicIP resource Updating/Deleting/Failed

* `id` - Resource Id

* `name` - Resource name

* `type` - Resource type
