---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_service_unit"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-service-unit"
description: |-
  Manage Azure ServiceUnit instance.
---

# azurerm_service_unit

Manage Azure ServiceUnit instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The geo-location where the resource lives Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `deployment_mode` - (Required) Describes the type of ARM deployment to be performed on the resource.

* `service_name` - (Required) The name of the service resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `service_topology_name` - (Required) The name of the service topology . Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `service_unit_name` - (Required) The name of the service unit resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `target_resource_group` - (Required) The Azure Resource Group to which the resources in the service unit belong to or should be deployed to.

* `artifacts` - (Optional) One `artifact` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `artifact` block supports the following:

* `template_uri` - (Optional) The full URI of the ARM template file with the SAS token.

* `parameters_uri` - (Optional) The full URI of the ARM parameters file with the SAS token.

* `template_artifact_source_relative_path` - (Optional) The path to the ARM template file relative to the artifact source.

* `parameters_artifact_source_relative_path` - (Optional) The path to the ARM parameters file relative to the artifact source.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Fully qualified resource Id for the resource. Ex - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{resourceProviderNamespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}

* `name` - The name of the resource

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.
